Flight of a Little Witch
Original Script
________________
Act One
Skygate, where the orchids reflect the sky


I had just finished packing away my textbooks and now stood in my room with a slight frown on my face.
I tapped my chin as my frown deepened.
Taotao "Why."
Even though all the books were neatly tucked away in the suitcase at my feet, they didn’t leave much room for anything else.
(I guess I really don’t need more than a few pairs of clothes. I think I still have room to stuff in my pajamas.)
I continued to frown down at my suitcase but then sighed.
(Maybe it’s not a bad thing I have to repack—at least this way I can decide which books I don’t need to bring with me. Except—)
Taotao "Ahh, but I need them all!!"
I squatted down to glare at my suitcase.
(Actually, maybe I can cast a spell to make it bigger . . .)
I brushed my hair away from my face and furrowed my brow, concentrating hard.
A blue light the color of orchids in full bloom began to engulf the suitcase.
(Yes—)
The suitcase swelled, but in my moment of excitement, I lost my balance and fell on my backside.
(Oof!)
My concentration broken, I looked on in dismay as the blue light vanished and the suitcase returned to its original size just as quickly.
Taotao "Why??"
I scooted forward to take a seat in front of the suitcase.
(This time I’ll get it!)
I concentrated hard and watched the blue light wash over the suitcase again. In turn, the suitcase gave a shudder before slowly beginning to swell.
The light faded, and I jumped to my feet, grinning giddily.
Taotao "Yes!"
Taotao "Benben, did you see that?"
I whirled around excitedly as I scanned my room for Benben. But the black cat was nowhere to be found.
(Where did my cat decide to take a nap this time?)
Taotao "Benben?"
Just then, the soft tinkling of bells rang through the house, and I hurried downstairs to get the door.
(Is it who I think it is?)
Taotao "Yuyao!"
I beamed at the young woman smiling sunnily back at me.
Yuyao "Hi, Taotao."
She wore a cute shirt and skirt under a magical black cloak, and her long brown hair fell in waves down her back.
I quickly beckoned Yuyao inside and the two of us climbed the stairs to my room.
Taotao "I love your outfit today. Is that cloak new? I’ve never seen you wear it before."
Yuyao giggled.
Yuyao "Thank you. And yes! I was hoping you’d notice. I just bought it yesterday. I want to look my best when we go to Wisteria City."
Taotao "(a. It’s super cute b. I want one too now c. Looks good on you, I don’t know I could pull it off)"
^^^
Yuyao crouched down to look at the suitcase sitting on the floor of my room.
Yuyao "Taotao, don’t tell me you’re bringing all those books."
I sighed dramatically.
Taotao "But I just made it bigger to fit even more."
Yuyao rose to pat my arm sympathetically.
Yuyao "At this rate, you aren’t planning to magic your suitcase all the way, are you?"
Taotao "Yuyao . . . it’s not that serious, is it?"
Yuyao looked at me grimly.
Yuyao "Don’t worry. That’s why I’m here. I was worried that you’d overpack."
1. You’re the best, Yuyao. 2. Who says I overpacked? 3. Thank you.
Taotao "You’re the best, Yuyao. Thank you for saving me. Have I mentioned you’re the best?"
Yuyao just laughed as she patted my arm again, and the two of us took a seat on the floor.
Yuyao "We’ll work together. If you really need all of them, I still have room in my suitcase back in my dorm room."
I let out a sigh.
Taotao "It’s better to be over-prepared than underprepared, right?"
Yuyao offered me a smile as she began to take stacks of books out of the suitcase.
Yuyao "Well, at least if we don’t do well this year, we can always try again next year."
Taotao "But—but that would be embarrassing!"
Yuyao turned to pinch my cheek.
Yuyao "If you study the entire way, wouldn’t you be missing out on the traveling part itself?"
(She has a point.)
Taotao "Yuyao . . ."
Just then, a soft meowing drew our attention.
(Benben—?)
I looked as Yuyao removed another stack of books from the suitcase to reveal the black cat.
(So that’s where you were hiding!)
I burst into giggles.
Taotao "Benben, what are you doing in my suitcase? Is it cozy?"
Benben just yawned, but then he let out a startled meow as a delighted Yuyao lifted him around his middle.
Yuyao "Aww, Benben is so adorable!"
After setting the very nonplussed cat down, she turned back to me.
Yuyao "Let’s return your suitcase to its original size."
Taotao "Alright."
Yuyao looked at the suitcase, and pink light flicked to life. In a matter of seconds, the suitcase was back to its normal size.
We spent the majority of the morning sorting through my books before finally calling it a day.
(Yuyao was right. I don’t actually need all of them.)
I sat back on the floor, and my gaze wandered to the window and the world beyond. The morning fog was beginning to clear away as well, and the peaks of the mountains in the distance were visible.
(I’m going to miss Skygate when we leave for Wisteria City next week.)
Yuyao followed my gaze and let out a sigh.
Yuyao "I’m going to miss home."
I latched onto her arm.
(After all these years, Yuyao is still the one who knows me best.)
Taotao "Me too."
Yuyao turned to look at where Benben was now purring on her lap.
Yuyao "Are you bringing Benben with you?"
(As if that wasn’t obvious enough!)
Taotao "Of course!"
(Benben goes wherever I go. Isn’t that right, Benben?)
Benben let out a contented meow as I happily stroked his furry head.
Yuyao giggled as she patted Benben.
Yuyao "Well, I have no objections to traveling with Benben."
(Benben is too cute! I know both my housemates offered to take care of him while I’m gone, but I can’t bear to part with him.)
(Benben likes to give me attitude when he’s tired, but I know he can’t bear to be apart from me too.)
Yuyao suddenly looked at me as her expression changed.
Yuyao "I forgot!"
Taotao "What did you forget?"
Yuyao jumped to her feet, rocking on her heels.
Yuyao "Hurry, hurry, hurry! Wanwan is doing a demonstration!"
(That’s right, Wanwan is demonstrating her magic in front of our university today. All the top students are taking turns doing demonstrations this week to inspire the rest of us to study hard. Wanwan’s turn is scheduled before noon.)
I didn’t protest as Yuyao grabbed my hand and led me out the door.
…
When we arrived on campus, we wriggled our way through the crowd.
A slender young woman in an elegant blue dress was standing in the middle of the open space. Her shoulders were relaxed as she waved her hands through the air with the grace of a dancer. Magic sparked at her fingertips, the light lazily drifting in the air before fading like ink.
(It really is Wanwan!)
Yuyao let out a delighted squeal as she grabbed my arm, bouncing up and down.
Yuyao "Look at her! Look how perfect she is. She’s going to become our school’s leader. I just know it!"
I nodded along as I watched Wanwan’s magic take the form of flowering orchids.
(At the competition, the school leaders lead their school’s participants in the team events. Even though the final scores are mostly based on solo performances, extra points can be added on if your team wins. With Wanwan as our leader, we’ll have a winning chance for sure!)
Yuyao clapped enthusiastically with the rest of the crowd.
Noticing everyone else clapping, I lifted my hands to clap as well.
(Normally I don’t attend these types of events unless Yuyao drags me along with her. I prefer staying at home with Benben.)
(Wanwan is really talented, though. Talented and pretty! No wonder she has so many fans.)
When the demonstration was over, Wanwan stepped back and bowed gracefully. She turned to the statue next to her of our university’s founder and bowed to her as well.
The crowd erupted in applause again, and Wanwan flashed them a small smile.
…
Yuyao was glowing the entire walk back to my house.
Yuyao "She’s perfect."
Then Yuyao let out a sigh.
Yuyao "She makes everything seem effortless. If only things could come that easy for me."
I offered her a smile. Everyone at our university knew of Wanwan. I was certain all the magic students in our town knew of Wanwan. Wanwan had a reputation for being the best in our year. Even though I never had any classes with her, she’s the one all of us look up to. If given the opportunity, I wouldn’t mind getting to know her better.
Yuyao turned to me again.
Yuyao "So, are you ready for the test for school leader?"
Taotao "That’s what I was studying for this morning before I started packing."
(Even though I know I have no chance of becoming the school leader, everyone wanting to participate in the competition is required to take the test. If we score under fifty percent, we’re immediately disqualified from even participating.)
Yuyao sighed again. Then she perked up.
Yuyao "Oh, by the way, do you happen to have an electric pot at home?”
I blinked.
(An electric pot?)
Taotao "I do. Why?"
Yuyao’s expression broke into a grin.
Yuyao "You’re going to thank me for this one! A post online went viral recently with a special hack. Instead of hauling around a metal caldron to brew potions, you can use your electric cooking pot! All the shops near campus are sold out of electric pots already. No one wants to be weighed down by metal caldrons when they can bring a plastic cooking pot."
Taotao "Yuyao, you’re brilliant.”
Yuyao waved me off.
Yuyao "I didn’t come up with the idea. I’m merely a citizen of the online world looking for tips and tricks to make life easier."
Taotao "Do you happen to have any other tips and tricks worthy of sharing?"
Yuyao flashed me a knowing smile.
Yuyao "Shall we meet on campus to study in the library tonight? I promise I’ll share everything I know with you. Until then, I still have a little more packing to do and another heap of work at the school to take care of."
I nodded. Yuyao was a student leader at the university and was constantly busy with planning campus events and other activities. Now she had to work around the clock to keep everything on track for the competition.
Taotao "Don’t work yourself to death, okay? Let’s meet for dinner before our study session. We can’t study on an empty stomach, can we? I’ll treat. What do we want? Hot pot? Skewers?"
Yuyao grinned as we arrived at the door of my house.
Yuyao "I’ll take you up on hot pot. Six o'clock at our normal place?"
Taotao "I’ll see you there."
…
That evening after dinner, Yuyao and I spent our time in the library studying late into the night.
When I returned home, I was so tired all I could do was flop down onto my bed after giving Benben his dinner. But as tired as I was, I still had a difficult time falling asleep.
(I’ve never scored lower than seventy percent on any test before, but what if I somehow mess this up?)
I rolled over in bed.
(No, what am I thinking? This is what I’ve been preparing for all year. I’ve got this.)
…
I wasn’t sure when I fell asleep, but I awoke to light filtering in through the window.
Today was the day of the test. I spent the morning reviewing until it was time to leave.
I was ready.
…
I met Yuyao on campus.
(Ahh I’m so nervous.)
Yuyao "My left eye has been twitching since I woke up this morning. Can you see it?"
Taotao "I’m nervous too. But we got this."
Yuyao nodded determinedly.
Yuyao "Let’s go find our seats in the exam hall."
…
The day seemed to blur by. After a very stressful four hours, the exam was over, and I was waiting outside for Yuyao.
(I’m stiff from sitting for so long. But even so, I feel much better leaving the exam hall than I did going in.)
Yuyao appeared from among the crowd of students trickling out of the academic building, and I waved her over.
Taotao "How did it go?"
Yuyao "I know I passed, but I just don’t know what my standing is going to be. What about you?"
Taotao "I know I passed as well. I think I scored around eighty. Either way, let’s go celebrate!"
Yuyao cheered, and the two of us made our way off campus with a skip in our step.
…
When I finally returned home after our celebrity dinner and hours singing karaoke, now alone in the dwindling light, I grabbed my laptop and took a seat at my desk to send an email to my parents.
(I miss them, but since they live four hours away from my school, it isn’t convenient to make frequent trips, especially during exam season. The next time I’ll see them is after the competition. And hopefully then I’ll have good news and lots of stories to share. Regardless of how it goes, I’ll definitely have lots of stories.)
(How should I start my letter this time?)
After thinking about it, I gathered my thoughts and began to type.
(Mom, Dad, I miss you, but you don’t have to worry about me. I have Yuyao and Benben here. Yuyao and I took the exam today . . .)
When I finished the letter, I read it over before clicking the send button.
Then after playing with Benben, I changed into my pajamas and crawled into bed. Now I just had to wait for the results of the test to be posted.
…
It was the day of the results, and Yuyao and I were standing among the crowd of students eagerly waiting in the lecture hall.
Yuyao clutched my arm.
Yuyao "One minute left until they display them!"
(I was already nervous, but Yuyao’s giddiness is making me even more so.)
I found myself rocking on the balls of my feet as well.
(Any moment now . . .)
And then suddenly, the air in front of us began to glow. Words formed as if painted by an invisible brush, and murmurs spread through the crowd.
Taotao "Yuyao, I’ll help you look for yours."
I carefully scanned the middle section for our names. I found both of ours falling around eighty percent, and I beamed as I turned to Yuyao. Except—
(Yuyao?)
My smile faltered at Yuyao’s expression. It was a mixture of shock and dismay.
(!!)
Taotao "Yuyao? What’s wrong? We both got eighty percent. We both passed."
Yuyao just shook her head.
It was then that I realized the crowd of students were murmuring too.
"Wanwan, Wanwan," was the name being repeated.
I followed Yuyao’s gaze to the far right of the display to where the top-ranked students' names were listed.
And in first place was . . .
Taotao "Zhu Bei??"
I blinked as I did a double take. The name in second place was Wanwan’s, but first place was not the one we had been expecting.
I turned to Yuyao with wide eyes.
Taotao "Who’s Zhu Bei?"
Yuyao just shook her head, still in a state of disbelief.
Yuyao "Exactly! Who’s Zhu Bei?"
As we stood there, I overheard snippets of the conversation from the students behind us.
Female Student "But Wanwan’s always been first? What happened?"
Male Student "I think this Zhu Bei cheated. That’s the only explanation for this!"
Female Student "That must be it! I’ve never even heard of a Zhu Bei before."
I frowned slightly as I looked up at the scores again. Zhu Bei had surpassed Wanwan by three points.
I turned to Yuyao.
Taotao "Does this mean Zhu Bei is our school leader?"
Yuyao just shook her head as if she didn’t want to believe it.
Yuyao "I—I just don’t understand. It was supposed to be Wanwan."
(Even if we haven’t heard of Zhu Bei, Zhu Bei still placed first. Wanwan’s only human after all—maybe the pressure everyone was putting on her got to her too.)
Taotao "It’s okay. We should be happy, we both passed with good scores."
I tugged on Yuyao’s sleeve, but she continued to stand there, staring up at the glowing names in a dismayed daze.
(I know the conversations of the students around me aren’t directed at me, but something about them still makes me uneasy.)
I lowered my voice.
Taotao "Yuyao, there are still students waiting to come in and see their scores. I’ll meet up with you later."
As I made my way back through the crowd, I overheard the conversations of even more students.
Male Student "I can only imagine how Wanwan feels about this. She must be devastated."
Female Student "Has Zhu Bei always been a student here? I wonder if someone did this on purpose to sabotage us at the competition!"
…
Even outside the lecture hall, the whispers didn’t stop.
I started toward the library but then figured the news would have already spread there too. Instead, I headed off campus to the small cafe Yuyao and I like to go to.
When I arrived, it was fairly empty save for a couple of students.
After buying a pastry, I took a seat on one of the chairs by the window.
The young man sitting there seemed to stiffen as I sat down next to him.
I blinked as I looked at him. Despite his otherwise put-together appearance and cool demeanor, his expression was even more dazed than Yuyao’s had been.
(I hope he’s alright—he seems really out of it.)
I turned to address him, trying to be as friendly as I could.
Taotao "Did you take the exam?"
The young man nodded as if only half registering my words.
Taotao "Uh, then did you just come here from seeing your score?"
The young man nodded again.
(...)
(I think I understand. He didn’t rank well. He probably doesn’t want to talk about his score either.)
Taotao "You must have seen how Wanwan placed second. Everyone was talking about how Zhu Bei must have cheated, but I think they don’t even think of Wanwan as a real human being anymore. They expected Wanwan to be first and never even considered a different result. They’re disappointed in Wanwan, but they’re also disappointed in themselves for placing those expectations on her as if she’s some sort of otherworldly fairy. As long as both of them tried their best, that’s what’s important."
The young man blinked at me before turning back to the window.
(Ah, did I say the wrong thing?)
I quickly tried to save the conversation.
Taotao "You must have tried your best too! Don’t worry if you didn’t make it to the competition this year. I know it does feel embarrassing, but as my friend likes to say, there’s always next year."
The young man turned to face me again.
Young Man "I didn’t fail the exam."
I blinked.
(Wait, then what has made you so dazed?)
The young man offered me a small smile at my confused expression.
Young Man "Actually, I placed first. I’m Zhu Bei."
(He’s Zhu Bei?!)
I just stared at the young man as if seeing him clearly for the first time. He had dark hair and was dressed casually in light colors.
Finally, I glanced around to make sure no one was listening before leaning in and lowering my voice to a whisper.
Taotao "You’re Zhu Bei?"
He nodded.
Zhu Bei "I’m Zhu Bei."
(There’s so much I want to ask him.)
Taotao "Have you always been at our university? You scored first. You’re clearly an outstanding student, but I’ve never heard of you before."
Zhu Bei offered me another awkward smile.
Zhu Bei "I’ve always gone to school here. I just like to try and keep a low profile. I don’t like the attention."
Zhu Bei "Actually, I’ve always placed within the top ten. My standing is 7th overall, but people really only pay attention to the top three."
Taotao "Let me guess. After you saw your score, you were afraid people would recognize you, so you hid here."
Zhu Bei nodded.
Zhu Bei "I—I was actually shocked at first too. For a moment, I was proud even. But then hearing the way everyone was talking about me, I felt nauseous and left quickly."
Taotao "Don’t listen to them."
Zhu Bei shook his head.
Zhu Bei "I’m not sure what to do. I’ve never had this much attention on me before. Well, in sports it's one thing, but this attention isn’t the positive sort."
His grip tightened on the cup of tea in front of him.
Zhu Bei "I did my best, but now I’m starting to regret it. My classmates know who I am. In a matter of days, everyone will know who I am. Maybe I should stay at home until it’s time to depart for the competition. Maybe I shouldn’t even go to the competition this year."
Even though his voice was still calm, Zhu Bei’s knuckles had turned white from grasping the tea cup. I looked at him worriedly.
(He scored first. That should be something to be proud of. This isn’t right.)
Taotao "This isn’t right."
Zhu Bei blinked as he looked at me.
Taotao "I can tell you’re a good person. You don’t deserve to be slandered by our classmates like this."
Something flickered behind Zhu Bei’s eyes.
Zhu Bei "Actually, I was thinking of giving up the position of school leader to Wanwan. I’m not confident I’ll be able to do a good enough job."
I continued to watch Zhu Bei’s expression.
(After all the shock he’s been through today, I’m not sure if he can really make clear decisions right now. If it was me, I know my head would be a mess.)
Taotao "Maybe you should meet with Wanwan and talk about it first."
Zhu Bei suddenly looked worried.
Zhu Bei "Meet with Wanwan? I don’t know if I can do that. What if she blames me too?"
Taotao "Wanwan might feel wronged if you suddenly just give up the position. Think about it. We still have a few days before we set off for the competition."
Zhu Bei nodded slowly before giving me a small smile.
Zhu Bei "You’re right. Thank you. Thank you for taking the time to talk with me. I really appreciate it. I realize you know who I am now, but I still don’t know your name."
(That’s right—I haven’t introduced myself yet.)
Taotao "I’m Taotao."
I sat in the cafe with Zhu Bei. The two of us talked softly as he finished his tea and I finished my pastry.
I learned that Zhu Bei had done his magic demonstration two days before Wanwan and had been in the crowd of onlookers during Wanwan’s performance. I learned that outside of studying, he had a passion for Wizard’s Ball, a game I had failed miserably at when forced to play during middle school physical education classes. Even though we hadn’t known each other long, I found him easy to talk with, and I was glad I had decided to make a trip to the cafe.
When we were done, Zhu Bei stood up.
Zhu Bei "I think I’ll follow your advice and try to arrange a meeting with Wanwan. If you don’t mind, do you think you could go with me?"
(Zhu Bei wants me to help him talk to Wanwan? I’m not the best when it comes to talking, but if I don’t go, it sounds like Zhu Bei doesn’t have anyone else to ask.)
Taotao "Okay. I’ll try my best[a]."
Zhu Bei and I exchanged contact information, then I watched as he glanced at his phone again.
Zhu Bei "I’ve got to hurry home. The news has probably already reached my parents. I should talk with them and let them know what’s going on."
Taotao "Stay safe."
Zhu Bei nodded before walking swiftly out the door.
I watched from the window as he vanished around the block before heading to the door myself.
(I wonder where Yuyao is now.)
I glanced at my phone to find a new message from her telling me that she was on her way to my house.
…
Yuyao was already at the door when I arrived.
When we reached my room, we found Benben asleep on my bed. I went to pour him a bowl of cat food.
Yuyao still looked troubled as she took her usual seat at my desk.
I poked her in the arm before sitting down on my bed.
Taotao "We should be celebrating today."
Yuyao just looked at me miserably.
Yuyao "Wanwan isn’t celebrating today."
I let out a sigh.
Taotao "This isn’t about Wanwan."
Yuyao "This is about Wanwan. Can you imagine how she’s feeling?"
Taotao "Yuyao, I don’t even know Wanwan well enough to even guess how she’s feeling. Do you know Wanwan well enough to know how she’s feeling?"
At that, Yuyao opened her mouth but then closed it again.
Taotao "Maybe she’s not the perfect person you think she is. And that’s okay. What’s not okay is to start spreading rumors about the one who got first place."
This time Yuyao let out a sigh.
Yuyao "You’re right."
There was a long pause before I spoke again.
Taotao "Yuyao, I met Zhu Bei today."
Yuyao just stared at me.
Yuyao "You met Zhu Bei? When? Where?"
(I thought I’d keep my meeting with Zhu Bei a secret, but Yuyao is my best friend. I can’t help but tell her everything.)
Taotao "After I left the exam hall, I went to the cafe we like to go to and he was there. We talked, and I can just tell that he’s a good person. I feel bad for him. He doesn’t deserve all these malicious rumors being spread about him. I’ve seen what people are saying online on the school forums. I could only read the first few comments before I had to close it. Yuyao, he scored first and he can’t even celebrate or be happy about it."
Yuyao bit her lip.
Yuyao "Is it really that serious?"
I nodded sadly.
…
That evening, I was sitting in bed watching a show on my laptop when my phone buzzed softly. Careful not to rouse the sleeping Benben on my lap, I looked at the screen.
A message from Zhu Bei glowed back.
It read: Taotao, you’re the only one I can consult at the moment. I need some advice. I got a message from an unknown number shortly after leaving the cafe asking me to go to the front of the school at midnight. It’s Wanwan.
I sat up straight, staring down at my phone.
Benben let out an unhappy sound as he was startled from my lap.
I read over the message a few times before quickly typing back:
An unknown number? Anyone could claim that they’re Wanwan. I wouldn’t go. What if someone’s calling you out because they want to harm you?
Zhu Bei’s reply came quickly: I know, I’ve considered that possibility too. But if this number really belongs to Wanwan, I need to go meet her. Since our talk at the cafe, it was always my intention to meet with her, but I couldn’t find her contact information even after searching our school’s site. Now that she’s asking me . . . it’s for the best if we talk things out.
(I’m still not sure about this.)
Taotao: But what if it isn’t Wanwan? Did this person say anything else?
Zhu Bei: All they said was to meet them in front of the school by the statue at midnight.
Taotao: I wouldn’t go. That’s my opinion, though. Have you asked anyone else yet?
Zhu Bei: You’re the only one I can confide in right now. When my friends saw that I placed above Wanwan, they sent me angry messages saying how could I betray Wanwan like that and then blocked me. If it really is Wanwan calling for a meeting, the sooner we can resolve this, the better.
I paused with my fingers hovering over the screen for a moment before finally typing: If you’re set on going, I’ll go with you.
Then I paused again before adding: Just in case it isn’t Wanwan, I know someone we can call for back up as well.
…
At 11:30 that night, I stood outside the school. The night was silent. I glanced around anxiously as I waited, and soon, someone emerged from the dark.
Yuyao "Taotao, what did you call me out so late for? What’s going on?"
Relief flooded me as I took Yuyao’s arm.
Taotao "I wasn’t sure if you would agree if I told you everything in full detail, but someone asked Zhu Bei to meet them here at midnight. This person claimed to be Wanwan, but if they intend to harm Zhu Bei, we’ll be here to back him up."
Yuyao looked stunned before she elbowed me.
Yuyao "What kind of person do you take me for? I don’t see why you couldn’t have mentioned that in your message, keeping me guessing like that. If anyone is trying to cause trouble on campus, as one of the student leaders, of course I’ll show up to tell them off."
Taotao "So you’re okay with helping Zhu Bei out, then?"
Yuyao elbowed me again.
Yuyao "I spent some time thinking about it, and you were right. It’s silly of me to hold a grudge against him just because Wanwan didn’t perform the way everyone hoped."
I grinned, suddenly feeling much better than I had minutes ago.
Taotao "Yuyao, you’re the best!"
The two of us weren’t waiting long before Zhu Bei arrived.
Zhu Bei looked at Yuyao through the dim light.
Zhu Bei "Hello, I’m Zhu Bei. You must be the backup Taotao called for."
Yuyao smiled and nodded.
Yuyao "I’m Yuyao, Taotao’s friend. I’m also part of student leadership. Don’t worry, with me here, no one will get away with causing trouble."
The three of us waited around, but even after midnight came and went, still no one showed up.
I was beginning to feel anxious again. I turned to Yuyao, unsure if I should suggest calling it a night.
Yuyao had her phone out as she fixed her hair.
Taotao "Can you even see anything in the dark?"
Yuyao held her phone out, and I playfully took it from her.
(This is the distraction I need right now.)
Zhu Bei glanced over as well, and I snapped a number of photos of the three of us before Yuyao snatched the phone back.
Yuyao "Maybe if it really is Wanwan, she feels nervous and won’t show up until Zhu Bei is alone?"
(Since we’re already here, I guess it wouldn’t hurt to give it a try.)
I turned to Zhu Bei.
Taotao "Yuyao and I will hide behind the bushes nearby."
Zhu Bei nodded.
Yuyao and I retreated to the bushes and crouched down to peer through the branches.
Soon, there were soft footsteps, and a young woman emerged from the dark.
Yuyao grabbed my arm.
Yuyao "It really is Wanwan!"
From where we were hiding, we weren’t able to hear any of their conversation, but from the way they were talking, both of them seemed relaxed.
Yuyao was looking at the two of them with a thoughtful look on her face.
Yuyao "Actually, they look quite good together, don’t they?"
I opened my mouth to respond, but suddenly, the ringing of a phone sounded.
Yuyao and I instinctively looked to our own phones, but they were silent.
I grabbed Yuyao’s arm.
There was a rustling in the bushes across the way.
Zhu Bei and Wanwan seemed to notice too. As Wanwan turned around, she staggered as her shoe caught in the stones.
Zhu Bei was quickly there to steady her.
Even in the dark, I could see Wanwan’s grateful smile. Then her expression changed in an instant as a camera flash cut through the night.
Yuyao jumped to her feet.
Yuyao "Hey! What do you think you’re doing?"
As Yuyao darted forward, a dark-clothed figure shot out of the bushes, sprinting away from the scene with a camera in hand.
As Yuyao gave chase, I hurried over to a very stunned Zhu Bei and Wanwan.
Taotao "I’m afraid that picture will start circulating around the school by tomorrow."
Zhu Bei sighed.
Zhu Bei "Wanwan and I didn’t do anything wrong. We don’t have anything to be afraid of."
Wanwan nodded in agreement.
Wanwan "That’s right."
I still couldn’t help but feel worried.
(I hope I’m just overthinking.)
Wanwan’s voice drew me back to reality.
Wanwan "So you’re Zhu Bei’s friend?"
(She’s talking to me? Ah, of course she is! There isn’t anyone else here.)
Taotao "What? Yes! I’m Taotao."
Wanwan smiled.
Wanwan "It’s a pleasure to meet you. I’m Wanwan."
(Wanwan, the model student everyone looks up to, is here talking to me! It’s hard not to feel both excited and also a little bit intimidated.)
Wanwan let out a breath as she turned back to Zhu Bei.
Wanwan "I’m sorry I was running a few minutes behind schedule, and I apologize for having you come out so late. But there’s a reason why I called you out at midnight."
Wanwan took a step toward the statue.
(!!)
I let out a gasp.
I could have sworn the statue had smiled at me.
Taotao "T-the statue is magic?!"
Zhu Bei’s eyes were wide with surprise as well.
Wanwan smiled faintly at our reactions.
Wanwan "Principal Ming’s statue is magic. It’s just that not many people know it."
I just stared at her.
Taotao "How did you find out about it?"
Wanwan giggled.
Wanwan "Principal Ming happens to be my great, great, great grandmother. Even fewer people know I’m one of her descendants. If anyone can offer us advice, it will be her."
…
The following morning, I woke to my phone ringing.
I rolled out of bed to pick it up.
Taotao "Hello?"
Yuyao’s voice came in a rush.
Yuyao "Taotao, it’s not good! We’ve got a situation—whoever took that picture of Wanwan and Zhu Bei last night put it up. It exploded this morning. Everyone’s talking about it on the school forum. You . . . you should take a look at it."
I quickly opened my laptop and pulled up the school forum.
I clicked into the top post where a blurry picture of Zhu Bei and Wanwan was displayed. The caption read in bold font: Zhu Bei attacks Wanwan at night.
I just stared at the post in shock before clicking into the comments, already scared by what I might see.
Yuyao "I’ve tried running damage control on it, but the staff in charge of the forums are refusing to take it down. They claim it’s not violating any school guidelines, those gossip loving good for nothings! This picture is clearly from when Zhu Bei caught Wanwan when she tripped. Look at them trying to twist this into something awful."
I shuddered as I scanned the comments.
Taotao "If I were Zhu Bei, I’d be scared to go outside with the way these people are cursing and threatening him."
Yuyao sounded panicked.
Yuyao "What do we do? You’ve seen the comments, now they’re starting to take sides too! Things could get ugly real fast. With the competition coming up, we can’t have our team so divided and distracted."
(If only there was a way to clarify what really happened that night . . .)
^^^[b]
Taotao "I have an idea. I need to ask Zhu Bei first. I’ll call you back in a minute."
Yuyao "What?"
I ended the call and pulled up Zhu Bei’s contact.
Zhu Bei picked up the phone instantly.
Zhu Bei "Taotao?"
I took a deep breath.
(Normally, I don’t like to get involved, but I can’t stand to see my friends being wronged either.)
Taotao "Zhu Bei, I’ve seen the comments on the school forum. They’re too much. As your friend, I can’t let them keep talking this way about you. I have an idea to get them to stop temporarily, but I don’t know if you’ll agree or not."
Zhu Bei was quiet for a moment.
Zhu Bei "Tell me about it."
…
I spoke to Yuyao over the phone.
Taotao "Yuyao, I need you to send me the pictures I took of the three of us last night."
Yuyao "Taotao, are you sure about this? What if this hate gets directed at you? You don’t have to involve yourself."
(I know. And I’m worried too. But at the worst, I can wear a face mask to school to hide myself until the people on the forums lose interest. Zhu Bei, on the other hand, will continue to be their target until who knows when.)
Taotao "I know, and I’ve thought about it. But this is the only thing I can think of right now to help."
There was as soft buzz as Yuyao sent me the pictures.
After flipping through them, I opened the editing window and cropped Yuyao out of the frame.
Then going back to the school forum, I created a new post.
I typed quickly and with purpose, my heart rate increasing with each word: Don’t make up rumors about Zhu Bei like this. Wanwan wasn’t even there last night. The girl in the picture is me.
I took a deep breath as I clicked post.
Only a few seconds had passed before the views started flooding in, and I swiftly shut the lid of my laptop.
…
I found Zhu Bei waiting for me at the cafe before class.
Zhu Bei "Taotao, thank you for helping take the attention off Wanwan. Even though we were able to clear that up, people still have some uncertainties."
I let out a sigh.
Taotao "We might as well give them a temporary explanation, then."
…
Zhu Bei and I walked toward campus together. The moment we arrived, we were instantly surrounded by a crowd of students. Their voices all blended together as they bombarded us with questions.
Student 1 "Is it true you were the one photographed with Zhu Bei last night? Did he attack you?"
Even though I felt overwhelmed by all the sudden attention, I offered them a smile as I shook my head.
I took Zhu Bei’s arm, trying to act as natural as I could.
Taotao "Zhu Bei’s my boyfriend. Of course he wouldn’t attack me."
Zhu Bei nodded as he put an arm around my shoulders.
Zhu Bei "That’s right. My girlfriend and I were taking a walk together at night."
A student held her phone in our faces.
Student 2 "Then how do you explain this picture?"
(I came prepared for this one.)
Taotao "Since it was dark, I tripped. Zhu Bei caught me. Whoever took this picture tried to make it into something it wasn’t."
The students murmured to each other before finally letting us pass.
Once we were out of sight, Zhu Bei and I stepped apart from each other.
I spoke quietly.
Taotao "I’m sorry for making you put on this act with me. I know Wanwan’s the one you fancy. Don’t worry, given the situation, I’m sure she’ll understand."
Zhu Bei blinked.
Zhu Bei "How did you know?"
I gave him a knowing smile.
Taotao "It wasn’t hard to guess."
^^^
In class that day, I found myself having trouble focusing on the lecture. Instead, my mind was still on the conversation we had with the statue the previous night.
…
Taotao "The statue smiled at me!"
Wanwan giggled.
Wanwan "Principal Ming, I’m here to see you. I’ve brought friends this time."
I looked on in awe as the statue began to move.
Principal Ming’s Statue "Wanwan. Who might your friends be?"
Wanwan gestured to Zhu Bei and me in turn.
Wanwan "These are my classmates, Zhu Bei and Taotao."
I bowed as politely as I could.
Taotao "Principal Ming . . . I never thought I’d ever be talking to our school’s first principal."
Principal Ming’s Statue "Don’t be so apprehensive, child. What you’re talking to is not actually the real me. The real me passed away years ago. This statue merely holds a sliver of my consciousness so it can be used to protect the school if needed."
Zhu Bei took an uncertain step forward.
Zhu Bei "Were you the one who had the statue built?"
The statue shook her head.
Principal Ming’s Statue "My eldest son had it built for me. He was also the one who came up with the idea of keeping a piece of my consciousness in this world at the place I spent almost all my life at."
The statue turned her head to look at the school building in the silent night.
Principal Ming’s Statue "There was nothing here but a tiny woodshed when we first started. I had no friends and no family—nothing except a dream to teach magic. I searched for others passionate about teaching and we built this place brick by brick. Even though I’m no longer alive, the school’s legacy lives on. The three of you must have come to me for a reason. Tell me what’s troubling you."
I took a brave step forward.
Taotao "Principal Ming, you’re probably aware of what happened with this year’s test results. What do you propose should be done?"
Zhu Bei "Even though I got first place, Wanwan’s a direct descendant of yours. It only makes sense for Wanwan to be the school leader."
Wanwan shook her head.
Wanwan "Zhu Bei, but you rightly got first."
Wanwan turned to the statue hopelessly.
Wanwan "Do you have any advice?"
The statue smiled knowingly.
Principal Ming’s Statue "My advice is for you to head home and get a good night’s sleep. You’ll be able to see things clearer in the morning."
…
Just then, my phone gave a soft buzz, bringing me back to reality.
Glancing up to make sure the professor wasn’t looking in my direction, I pulled it out to find a message from Zhu Bei glowing on the screen.
…
Once class was over, I found Yuyao outside.
Taotao "Zhu Bei asked me to go with him to talk to Wanwan again. He just told me that Wanwan agreed to meet with him tomorrow afternoon."
…
That night, I was giving Benben his dinner when my phone buzzed. It was Zhu Bei.
Zhu Bei Are you still willing to go with me tomorrow?
Taotao Of course. Have you thought about it carefully, though? Don’t let people pressure you into giving up the role of school leader.
Zhu Bei I’ve thought about it carefully.
Taotao I understand. Where are we meeting tomorrow?
Zhu Bei I suggested the cafe. Wanwan agreed.
Taotao I’ll see you there.
…
I arrived early at the cafe the next day.
Zhu Bei was already there. He looked a little nervous, but he smiled when he saw me.
We didn’t have to wait long before Wanwan arrived as well.
With Zhu Bei and I waiting around, it seemed like the word spread quickly about the meeting, and students lingered in the streets outside, whispering to each other as they watched us through the windows.
We took a seat at one of the tables hidden from the view of the window. Zhu Bei and I were on one side, and Wanwan sat across from us.
I watched Wanwan’s face. Even though her expression was neutral, her eyes were red and puffy as if she’d been crying.
Wanwan offered both of us a smile, finally breaking the silence.
Wanwan "Zhu Bei, Taotao, we meet again."
Wanwan looked from Zhu Bei to me.
Wanwan "Zhu Bei mentioned he was going to bring a friend along. I’m glad you’re here. I think it would be more awkward with just the two of us."
Zhu Bei seemed to notice Wanwan’s eyes too because he looked concerned.
Zhu Bei "Are you alright?"
Wanwan gave him a small smile.
Wanwan "I’m fine now. Once I got home yesterday, I just couldn’t help but break down. I felt like I had let everyone down. I felt like I had let myself down. All those people spreading rumors are in the wrong. If anything, they should be directing their anger at me, not you. You did nothing wrong. You should be allowed to celebrate, not be slandered."
Something flickered behind Zhu Bei’s eyes as he looked at Wanwan.
Zhu Bei "Thank you for understanding. I was actually wondering if you want the position of school leader. My scoring first place was sheer luck. Before the exam, I never once thought about carrying the responsibility of school leader at the competition."
Wanwan blinked.
Wanwan "You want to give the role of school leader to me?"
Zhu Bei nodded seriously.
Zhu Bei "I’ve thought it over carefully. All our classmates were expecting you as our school leader anyway."
Wanwan shook her head.
Wanwan "If I suddenly become school leader, wouldn’t the rumors against you get worse?"
Zhu Bei "Since I placed first, that was the first time I was confronted with the possibility of leading our classmates in the competition. I’ll admit that it did excite me. Last night I thought about how I would look as the school leader. But with things being the way they are, with me as school leader, our school is bound to score low. Our classmates won’t listen to me and respect me the way they do for you. I don’t want to be the one to sabotage our chances. I want our school to have a chance at winning. For that chance, I’m willing to give up the position. Would you do me this favor?"
Wanwan seemed torn before she finally nodded.
Wanwan "Alright. If you insist."
Zhu Bei furrowed his brow.
Zhu Bei "I wouldn’t want people to make up rumors saying that you stole the position of school leader from me either. Who knows what they’re going to caption the pictures they’ve snuck through the windows of us today."
Wanwan paused for a moment as she looked from Zhu Bei to me.
Wanwan "The two of you . . .?"
I quickly jumped in.
Taotao "Uh, no, we’re not actually together."
Zhu Bei nodded awkwardly.
Zhu Bei "It was a temporary solution for the last rumor that was spread."
Taotao "That’s right—we’re just friends."
Wanwan giggled, hiding her smile with a slender hand.
Wanwan "I get it now."
Wanwan turned back to Zhu Bei.
Wanwan "In that case, how about this? Let’s travel to Wisteria City together."
Zhu Bei blinked in surprise as he looked at Wanwan.
Zhu Bei "Travel? Together?"
Wanwan nodded.
Wanwan "Would you be willing to travel with me?"
I eagerly looked back and forth between the two of them.
(This would be perfect for them! Not only would it show that they’re on good terms with each other, maybe they’ll even become good friends along the way.)
Zhu Bei’s face relaxed into a smile.
Zhu Bei "Okay."
Wanwan "I’m glad."
Then Wanwan let out a sigh.
Wanwan "I’ve always felt like I needed to be perfect. Not only was everyone around me putting pressure on me, but I was also putting too much pressure on myself. When I saw my name in second yesterday, I was shocked. But it made me realize something. No one can be perfect. As long as we’re human, we’ll always have our imperfections. And that’s not a bad thing either. I went to Principal Ming’s statue for advice, but ultimately her advice was for us to figure it out ourselves. And in the process, I think I’ve come to a clearer understanding."
Zhu Bei nodded in agreement.
Zhu Bei "I’ve felt the same way. I wanted to be perfect before in the past. But striving to be perfect only sets you up for disappointment. My parents put pressure on me to do well. I put pressure on myself to do well. Only when I started at the university did I realize that as long as I do my best and can be proud of myself, that’s what counts."
Wanwan let out a laugh as she reached up to brush away a tear.
Zhu Bei looked panicked.
Zhu Bei "!!"
Zhu Bei "D-don’t cry! Did I say something wrong?"
Wanwan quickly shook her head as she wiped away another tear with the back of her hand.
Wanwan "No, no. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to be like this. I’m just wishing I could have met you earlier."
Wanwan ran a hand through her long black hair. Zhu Bei and I both stared as she drew her hand away to show us the strands clinging to her fingers.
Wanwan "I’ve been under so much stress that my hair has started falling out. All those people who admire me . . . I appreciate them and their support, but at the same time, they add to the pressure. I don’t want to let them down. Sometimes I even feel like I’m not human in their eyes. I’m just perfect Wanwan."
Then she turned to look at Zhu Bei.
Wanwan "To all those people who expected me to place first, I let them down. But after spending all night thinking about it, I don’t feel like I let myself down. I don’t actually mind placing second. It was like all the stress I had weighing me down suddenly vanished. I was ready to let you become the school leader too. And for all those malicious rumors about you—”
Wanwan stood up from her seat, and Zhu Bei and I watched in surprise as she bowed deeply.
Wanwan "I apologize."
Zhu Bei quickly stood from his seat as well.
Zhu Bei "You don’t have to apologize!"
Wanwan shook her head as she straightened. She brushed her long hair over her shoulder.
Wanwan "I feel bad about all the vicious comments being circulated. I get the feeling the two of us have a lot in common as well. I’d like us to be friends. And as friends, I won’t stand for people claiming you cheated just because I didn’t meet their expectations. They can be disappointed in me, but it’s not right for them to take it out on you."
Zhu Bei looked to Wanwan, his brow furrowed.
Zhu Bei "When people realize that you’re different from the perfect Wanwan they imagined, I’m afraid they’ll start saying bad things about you as well."
Wanwan smiled faintly.
Wanwan "I don’t mind. We’re about to leave for Wisteria City anyway. Let them say whatever they want."
After treating us to tea, Wanwan left first to make it to her class.
Zhu Bei looked relieved as he turned back to me.
Zhu Bei "Thank you for coming. I wasn’t sure how I’d act if it was just me."
I smiled.
Taotao "Don’t worry about it. I was happy to help out."
Zhu Bei "I hope to see you again at Wisteria City."
Taotao "We’ll definitely see each other there."
After saying our goodbyes and parting ways outside the cafe, I made my way onto campus.
I found Yuyao at our normal spot in the library. She was pouring over a stack of magic books, murmuring to herself as her fingers glowed with a pale pink light.
I hurried over to her.
Taotao "Yuyao!"
Yuyao looked up from her books as I slid onto the bench next to her.
Yuyao "How did the meeting go?"
Taotao "Zhu Bei let Wanwan take the position of school leader. They’re going to talk to the principal together about it later today. They get along very well—they’re even going to travel together to Wisteria City."
Then I giggled.
Taotao "Zhu Bei is actually an admirer of Wanwan too!"
Yuyao grinned.
Yuyao "Hopefully traveling together will work in their favor."
I nodded.
Taotao "Speaking of traveling, the two of us are leaving for Wisteria City soon. Is there anything else you think we should do here in Skygate before we go?"
Yuyao tapped her chin thoughtfully before she smiled.
Yuyao "Shall we get hot pot again?"
Taotao "Yes!"
…
I awoke with a jolt the following morning to Benben whacking my arm with a paw.
(!!)
Taotao "Benben! What are you doing?"
It took me a moment to realize my phone was buzzing from where I had left it charging on my desk. I quickly jumped out of bed to pick it up.
My mouth fell open as I frantically scanned the messages Yuyao had sent.
Yuyao "Taotao, it’s bad! Zhu Bei got in a fight this morning!"
I changed into my day clothes as fast as I could before sprinting out the door.
I stood on the street for a moment as I sent Yuyao a message.
Taotao "Where are you now? Where’s Zhu Bei?"
Yuyao’s reply came quickly.
Yuyao "I’m with him right now. We’re hiding out in the library."
Taotao "I’ll come find you."
…
I skidded around the corner, walking as fast as I could without attracting the attention of the students I passed. Before long, I was at the doors of the library. Inside, I glanced around at the rows of shelves and tables, but I couldn’t spot Yuyao or Zhu Bei.
The students browsing quietly, studying, and practicing magic paid me no attention.
I turned back to my phone.
Taotao "Are you still at the library?"
Yuyao "In the back corner."
I made my way through the maze of shelves and finally spotted Yuyao waving to me.
I lowered my voice to a whisper.
Taotao "Why did you come to the library of all places? Is Zhu Bei here? Didn’t he get in a fight? Is he alright?"
Yuyao gestured with her head to where Zhu Bei was crouched on the floor, hiding behind another wall of shelves.
I hurried over to him.
Taotao "Are you hurt?"
Zhu Bei gave me an awkward smile as he shook his head.
Yuyao came over to join us.
Yuyao "It was a magic fight. He got his attackers to back off, but one of them cursed him with a singing spell. Everything he tries to say comes out as a song. We’re trying to find a way to break the spell."
I pulled out my phone, worried.
Taotao "Have you tried searching online already?"
Yuyao grimaced.
Yuyao "There’s too many different kinds of singing spells. I’m not confident in my spell casting abilities, and I don’t want to accidentally make things worse either. Zhu Bei thinks there must be something on it in the library, but so far we haven’t found anything."
I turned to look back at Zhu Bei.
Taotao "You don’t know how to break this curse?"
Zhu Bei let out a sigh as he shook his head.
Zhu Bei "I’ve never encountered singing spells and never thought I’d need to use them. So naturally I’ve never studied how to cast or break them either."
Each of his scentaces were a song, and he covered his mouth, embarrassed.
Taotao "It’s fine, there must be a way."
[c]
I had only started helping Yuyao look for books when a group of students seemed to notice us.
I tugged at Yuyao’s sleeve.
Taotao "They’re heading in our direction."
Yuyao "Quick, take Zhu Bei and leave. I’ll stall them."
I looked at her worriedly.
Taotao "Take him where? Where should we go?"
Yuyao just hurried over to Zhu Bei and pulled him to his feet.
Yuyao "Go with Taotao!"
I gave Yuyao one last look.
Taotao "Don’t get into a fight with them!"
…
Zhu Bei and I left through the back entrance of the library. Zhu Bei kept his head down as we left campus.
Taotao "I live nearby. We can hide out at my place for the time being. We might have to sneak past my housemates, though, and I hope you don’t have a problem with cats."
Zhu Bei "Alright."
…
Before long, I was shutting the door to my room behind us.
Zhu Bei gave me another awkward smile.
Zhu Bei "I’m really sorry for the trouble."
I shook my head.
Taotao "Don’t worry about it. I’ll go get my laptop. I don’t believe someone hasn’t posted the way to break this curse online."
As I searched the internet, Benben hesitantly crept over.
I didn’t remove my gaze from my screen.
Taotao "This is Benben. I called him Benben because he loved to run everywhere and jump on everything when I first brought him home, but now all he does is sleep all day. He’s really friendly, though."
Zhu Bei and I spent the next hour doing research online and trying different spells to break the curse. I was getting more and more anxious as I scanned the pages of results. At one point, the two of us thought we had found a solution, but after I cast the spell, Zhu Bei had doubled over in a fit of laughter. Now whenever Zhu Bei tried to talk, he would sing and laugh.
At some point, one of my housemates had knocked on the door, nearly sending me into a panic. When she asked what all the commotion was about, I quickly lied that my cousin was visiting and that we were singing karaoke.
After what felt like another hour of searching, I glanced over at where Zhu Bei was now sitting quietly. If anything, he just looked tired.
Just then, the doorbell rang.
I rushed downstairs to open it.
My eyes fell on Yuyao, and standing next to her was Wanwan.
Wanwan looked over my shoulder worriedly.
Wanwan "Where’s Zhu Bei? Yuyao told me that someone put a curse on him."
I quickly beckoned the two of them to follow me upstairs.
In my room, Zhu Bei walked over to us.
Upon seeing him, Wanwan raised her hand, and blue magic sparked to life around her. She purposefully waved her arms. Zhu Bei was surrounded with light for a moment before it faded.
Wanwan let out a breath as she lowered her hands.
Wanwan "I lifted the curse for you."
Zhu Bei looked just as relieved as I felt.
Zhu Bei "Thank you. How did you know how to break it?"
Wanwan smiled faintly.
Wanwan "My younger brothers like to curse each other with silly curses. As their older sister, I have to know how to lift said curses when they come running to me for help."
Zhu Bei laughed.
Zhu Bei "So that’s how it is. As an only child, I’ve never had to deal with anything like this before."
I turned to Wanwan.
Taotao "Thank you so much for coming."
Wanwan "I never would have anticipated things getting to this point. I’m terribly sorry for all the trouble."
Zhu Bei "Maybe we should make a post on the school forum and let everyone know that I gave the position of school leader to you."
Yuyao’s expression was worried as she interjected.
Yuyao "I don’t know if that’s a good idea now. It seems like everyone has taken sides. Who knows if Wanwan will be attacked next."
Wanwan slouched down, her usually perfect posture momentarily crumbling.
Wanwan "Our school is in chaos. I’m afraid no matter which one of us is school leader, our school no longer has a winning chance."
My eyes widened as it struck me.
Taotao "What if the two of you could both be school leader?"
Wanwan and Zhu Bei looked at me in surprise.
Wanwan "Both of us be school leader?"
I nodded vigorously.
(The solution seems so obvious now—I don’t know why I didn’t think of it earlier.)
Taotao "I don’t see why not!"
Yuyao grinned.
Yuyao "She’s right! That would be able to please both sides, no?"
Zhu Bei looked to Wanwan.
Zhu Bei "What do you think of that idea?"
A smile touched Wanwan’s lips.
Wanwan "I think it could work."
Yuyao stepped forward.
Yuyao "Oh! I just had another idea too!"
The three of us turned to her expectantly.
Yuyao just smiled knowingly.
Yuyao "I promise this will work. But first, it’s getting late. Does everyone like skewers? I’ll order takeout for us."
…
After a happy night of eating the skewers Yuyao treated us to, I was standing outside, bidding my companions goodnight.
Zhu Bei and Yuyao had departed already, and I was left with Wanwan.
Wanwan smiled faintly as she turned to me.
Wanwan "Taotao. Do you think I could ask you for a favor?"
(A favor?)
Taotao "What is it?"
Wanwan "Do you think you could come to campus with me? I want to talk with Principal Ming again."
I nodded as I gave her a smile.
Taotao "Of course."
…
The two of us walked in silence until we arrived on campus. The streets were empty, and the moon shone brightly over the buildings.
We came to a stop in front of Principal Ming’s statue.
Wanwan "I’ve come to see you."
In the dark, I could see the statue’s expression change to a smile.
Principal Ming’s Statue "What is it, dear child?"
Wanwan smiled.
Wanwan "I think we’ve finally worked things out. You knew we could do it, didn’t you?"
Principal Ming’s Statue "I have faith in my students. I have faith in you[d]."
…
The next morning, I awoke to my phone ringing. I quickly sat up and answered it.
I could hear the excitement in Yuyao’s voice as she spoke rapidly.
Yuyao "It’s working, it’s working! I’ve never seen the school forum this active before—it already went down twice this morning."
With the phone to my ear, I opened my laptop with my free hand and clicked into the school forum. The topic everyone was talking about filled the entire page.
I eagerly read the top post out loud.
Taotao "Wanwan and Zhu Bei are dating and will share the role of school leader."
Yuyao giggled.
Yuyao "People are loving this new development."
During our planning session last night, we clarified my claim to be Zhu Bei’s girlfriend as that I was actually Zhu Bei’s cousin trying to help him find a way to resolve the situation. And people seemed to be believing our story.
For the first time in the past few days, I felt like I could finally relax. The tension I had felt evaporated as I scrolled through the comments.
Taotao "I think this is the end. This time, we can finally relax."
Yuyao "Relax? No, silly. We’ve got to finish our packing!"
(Packing . . .)
(!!)
I jumped out of bed, and Benben gave a startled meow at my sudden movement.
Taotao "Oh my god you’re right! We’re leaving for Wisteria City tomorrow!"
…
Late at night, when the last of my packing was finally done, I took a seat in front of my laptop to write an email.
This time I told my parents about my score on the exam. I wrote about my meeting with Zhu Bei and Wanwan.
Benben jumped up on the table next to my laptop, and I stroked his furry head.
Taotao "Just a few more hours until we begin our journey to Wisteria City."
Benben just twitched an ear in response.
I let out a sigh. This would be my first time leaving Skygate. But I was excited all the same, and that excitement outweighed my apprehension. I wanted to taste all the local cuisine of the places we would pass along the way and try on the different styles of clothing.
I found myself smiling just thinking about it, and the rest of my uncertainties ebbed away.
I looked at where my suitcase sat in the corner of the room. This was going to be one of the biggest events in my life. Yuyao would be with me every step of the way, and Benben would also be coming along for the ride.
Wanwan and Zhu Bei would be there with us in Wisteria City too. Them and perhaps the friends we would make along the way.
With that in mind, I sent off the email, changed into my pajamas, and snuggled into bed with a smile on my face.
________________
Act Two[e][f]
Willowhill, where the flowers adorn the land


I dragged my suitcase out the door. Then after locking it behind me, I took a step back to look at my house.
(I’ll be back before I know it, so I’ve got to make the most of this journey.)
Other students with suitcases milled about as I looked down the street. Among them, a cheerful young woman was waving to me.
(Yuyao!)
Taotao "Yuyao!"
I hurried over to her, and Yuyao giggled as I latched onto her arm.
Yuyao’s own suitcase was a shade of flowery pink and covered in cute stickers.
Yuyao let out another laugh as she turned me around.
Yuyao "Is that a cat backpack?"
I nodded as I took off the clear backpack to let Yuyao have a better look.
Taotao "I used it the last time Benben and I went to visit my parents."
Yuyao eyed the backpack and the hole in the middle of it for Benben’s head.
Yuyao "Does Benben approve of it?"
Taotao "I think he’s okay with it. He tolerates it at least."
Yuyao laughed.
Yuyao "Ready to go?"
I looked back at my house one last time before nodding determinedly.
Yuyao linked arms with me.
Yuyao "Let’s go!"
…
We rented broomsticks, and before long, we were zooming down the road. I had fastened my suitcase to the back of my broom, and the wheels glided over the street as we flew close to the ground.
Yuyao and I chatted together as the wind set our hair dancing behind us. Slowly, the familiar scenery of fog and old stone buildings began to change as we descended the mountains of Skygate.
…
It had been a full day now, and after finding a small inn to spend the night at, Yuyao and I continued to fly down the path. The scenery continued to change around us. Willow trees began to shoot up from the grassy fields, providing shade to the occasional cow.
Benben sat on my lap, sticking his head up every once in a while to let the wind rustle his fur.
(Is that a flock of sheep?)
I giggled in delight as I pointed out the fluffy animals to Yuyao.
Taotao "Look! On that side!"
Yuyao "So cute! There’s so many of them too—hold on a moment, I want to take a picture."
After Yuyao’s picture, we continued flying, but about ten minutes or so later, I blinked.
(Didn’t we just see those same sheep a few minutes ago?)
I slowed to a stop as I pointed them out again to Yuyao.
Taotao "Yuyao, is it just me or did we just fly by these sheep?"
Yuyao frowned.
Yuyao "That’s odd. I swear they’re the same ones from my picture. Let’s keep going. Maybe the light’s playing tricks on us?"
I nodded. But after flying for another ten minutes, the same exact flock of sheep was back[g].
Taotao "Uh[h], I think we might be lost."
Yuyao "I think we might be going in circles."
I glanced around, but we were the only ones on the road. The grassy fields spread out infinitely on either side of the dirt path, and the flowers danced in the gentle wind.
I turned to Yuyao.
Taotao "What should we do?"
Yuyao’s eyes widened as she pointed to where the flock of sheep were huddled in the shade of a willow tree.
Yuyao "I think there’s a person there."
(A person?)
I squinted against the sun. There was indeed a person there.
A pointed hat peeked out from among the flock of sheep, just barely visible among their fluffy bodies.
(I don’t know how I feel about talking to strangers, but we can’t keep going around in circles like this.)
Taotao "I’ll go over there and ask for directions."
Yuyao nodded, and I dismounted my broom. Yuyao stayed on the path to watch our belongings while I tentatively stepped through the grassy field. I held Benben close to my chest. The air was fresh, and a light floral fragrance wafted on the breeze.
As I drew closer, I could hear the faint sound of a violin.
(Are my ears playing tricks on me now too?)
When I reached the flock of sheep, I wriggled past them as carefully as I could.
As the sheep parted, a young woman with long blonde hair came into view. Her eyes were closed as she played a violin made from glowing purple magic.
Despite the instrument being transparent, the sound was warm and vibrant.
(No wonder there’s so many sheep here! They’re all listening to her play.)
The young woman had lavender flowers tucked into her pointed hat, and her dress was a grassy green.
Taotao "Excuse me . . ."
The young woman opened her eyes, and her magical violin vanished as she looked up at me.
Young Woman "Are you lost?"
I nodded.
Taotao "My friend and I were passing through here, but I think we’re going in circles. We passed this place a number of times already."
The young woman smiled.
Young Woman "Are you sure you’re not just coming back for my music?"
My eyes widened as I stared at her.
(Her violin was made out of magic . . .)
Taotao "You mean you cast a spell here?"
Young Woman "The sheep come here to listen. They’re not mine, though, so I can’t let them wander too far."
I smiled.
Taotao "Impressive."
The young woman brushed grass from her skirts.
Young Woman "You must be on your way to Wisteria City. I’m Faera. What’s your name?"
Taotao "I’m Taotao."
Faera brushed her blonde hair over her shoulder as she smiled sunnily at me.
Faera "Taotao? That’s a beautiful name. I’m really sorry about the trouble my spell brought you."
Faera raised her hands to the sky and purple light glowed at her fingertips, the color of lavenders in the summer.
When she lowered her hands, she shook back her hair and offered me a smile.
Faera "Now you should be able to continue on your way."
I smiled in relief. But just as I was about to open my mouth to thank her, Benben suddenly leaped from my arms.
The black cat charged at the flock of sheep, sending the fluffy animes into a panic.
(!!)
Taotao "Benben, no!"
Despite my dismayed cries, the damage had already been done. The sheep were running in all directions.
Faera let out a heavy sigh.
Faera "Now you’ve done it."
I winced.
Taotao "I-I’m so, so sorry."
Benben padded back over to me, and I quickly lifted him up to return him to the cat backpack.
Taotao "I feel awful. I’ll help you bring them back."
I scanned Faera’s expression, but she didn’t look mad. If anything, she seemed amused.
Faera’s tone was mild.
Faera "There’s fifty total."
Taotao "Fifty sheep. Okay."
Then I paused.
Taotao "My friend is still waiting on the path. Three of us looking should be better than two."
Faera nodded.
Faera "You have a point. Let’s go invite her over."
I followed Faera back to the path where Yuyao was waiting.
Faera curtsied in greeting.
Faera "I’m Faera. What’s your name?"
Yuyao exchanged a glance with me.
I just awkwardly fiddled with my clothes.
(I still can’t believe Benben did that!)
Yuyao "I’m Yuyao."
Faera "Such a romantic name . . ."
Faera spoke dreamily.
Faera "Would you mind helping me look for the sheep?"
Yuyao looked to me again, confused.
Taotao "I didn’t watch Benben well enough and, well, he spooked the sheep.”
Yuyao nodded quickly.
Yuyao "Let’s get those sheep back!"
…
By the time we found all the sheep, it had to be well into the afternoon.
Faera was doing a final headcount, and she nodded aprovingly.
Faera "Fourty-eight, forty-nine, fifty! They’re all here."
Yuyao and I both let out sighs of relief.
Taotao "Again, I’m so sorry for all the trouble."
Faera just shook her head.
Faera "It wasn’t any trouble. On the contrary, I thought that was rather exciting."
Faera "Oh, do you lovelies need a place to stay for the night? I can show you to one of our better inns."
Yuyao "Yes please! If it’s not too much trouble, that is."
…
We followed Faera down the path, and the scenery around us changed as we entered a quiet town. None of the buildings were taller than two stories, and flowers bloomed in their gardens.
Eventually, we came to a stop in front of an elegant wooden building. Peonies grew in the planters under the windows and were painted on the door.
Faera pushed the door open, and the sound of bells tinkled softly.
Faera "Here we are."
There was a dull humming sound coming from within, and I blinked as I stepped inside.
(This is . . . a tattoo studio?)
A young woman with short black hair sat next to one of the chairs, deep in concentration as she tattooed a band of flowers around another woman's arm.
I could tell at first glance that the dark-haired woman was the owner of the shop. She had blooming peonies tattooed on her arm, and when I looked closer at the ink she was using, I found it was glowing with magic.
Taotao "This is the inn?"
Faera pointed to the stairs.
Faera "The inn is on the second floor—the second floor is owned by my cousin. The bottom floor belongs to the lovely Mudan. She’s busy now, but I’ll introduce you later. How many nights do you plan to spend?"
I turned to Yuyao.
Taotao "How about we do three? We’re not in a rush, and this is our first time in Willowhill. It would be a shame not to go exploring."
Yuyao nodded in agreement.
Yuyao "Three nights it is."
Faera gave us a smile.
Faera "You lovelies are lucky to have run into me. I’ll give you a discount on behalf of my cousin."
Faera led us up the stairs where she helped us check into a room.
After mobily paying for our room, we went inside to rest. Faera had offered to take us around in a couple of hours, which we enthusiastically agreed to take her up on.
I now sat on my bed in the inn, absently swinging my legs. Our suitcases and broomsticks were against the back wall of the cozy room, and Benben was asleep at the foot of my bed.
Taotao "Even though our first day in Willowhill didn’t start out as planned, I’m happy we were able to find this place in a pleasant turn of events. It’s lovely."
Yuyao smiled as she raised her brows.
Yuyao "Looks like Faera’s favorite word has already rubbed off on you."
I giggled.
…
In a couple of hours, we met Faera outside as promised.
Faera gave us a tour of the town. We stopped at all the clothing stores, and Yuyao and I eagerly tried on Willowhill’s latest styles.
By the time we finished the tour, the sun had dropped from the sky and the moon glowed faintly behind a layer of clouds.
Faera took us to a restaurant.
Faera "Mudan should already have saved us a table. This is my treat."
Mudan sat at a table off to the side of the restaurant, and she waved us over.
Mudan "I’m sorry about not being able to greet you properly earlier. I’m Mudan, Faera’s friend. I run the tattoo and body art shop when I’m not in class."
Mudan wore a green dress and a scarf over her hair, and blooming peonies were inked on her arm.
Yuyao and I drew up seats next to each other, and Faera joined Mudan on the opposite side of the table.
(Mudan mentioned that she’s taking classes. Does that mean she’s going to participate in the competition too?)
Taotao "Mudan, are you also going to Wisteria City for the competition?"
Mudan nodded as she brushed flyaway strands of hair out of her face with a slender hand.
Mudan "Faera and I are going to travel there together. We’re planning to arrive shortly before the competition, so we’re leaving Willowhill next week."
Yuyao "Taotao and I are planning to get there early to explore. We’ve never been to Wisteria City before."
Mudan smiled as she rested her chin on her hands.
Mudan "You’ve never been to Wisteria City before? Then you’re in for a treat."
Taotao "You’ve been to Wisteria City?"
I spoke eagerly, and Mudan laughed.
Mudan "I went there for a semester to study body art. Wisteria City is a gorgeous place. Wisteria grows everywhere, and the city is illuminated by lights at night. Everything is fast paced there too. It was fun to be there for a semester, but I prefer the slow pace of life in Willowhill."
…
After our meal, Mudan and Faera walked Yuyao and I back to the inn.
Mudan "Faera filled me in about the situation with the sheep. I’m really grateful the two of you helped out the way you did. If it was just Faera, she’d still probably be looking for the sheep now. If you need anything, just let me know. Or if you want to practice body art or get a tattoo, you can come to me, too."
Faera "Yes, feel free to come find me as well. After spending all that time together, I think we’ve really become close acquaintances. What a blessing in disuse."
…
The following morning, I woke up before Yuyao. I climbed out of bed and pulled open the curtains. Sunlight streamed into the room, and I stood there for a long moment, looking out at the grassy world beyond. I could see the willow trees waving gently in the distance, and the flowers in the neighbors' garden added splashes of pinks and whites and purples to the green landscape.
After changing my clothes, I gave Benben a gentle pet on the head before heading out the door.
I wandered through the quiet streets of the town and found a shop to buy breakfast, and when I was done, I was on my way again.
I walked down the path until the pathed stones melted away into dirt and continued through the fields of grass and flowers.
I could hear the faint sound of a violin in the distance, and I followed it.
Faera was on the side of a hill this time, leaning against a wooden fence overgrown with vines and flowers. Sheep circled around her as she played a tune on her magical instrument.
I waited until she finished the song before clapping enthusiastically.
Faera looked over at me, delighted. Her glowing violin vanished as she waved me over.
Faera "Taotao!"
Taotao "Hi, Faera."
I couldn’t help but blink in awe at the place her magical instrument had vanished.
Taotao "How do you do that?"
Faera smiled.
Faera "Summoning an instrument is a little tricky, but if you want to learn something fast, I can show you how to enchant everyone who hears your song."
Taotao "Enchant everyone who hears my song?"
Faera nodded dreamily.
Faera "It's simple magic really. Do you know how to sing?"
(Sing? Karaoke aside, I’ve never been much of a singer. Yuyao has always been the better singer—she even knows how to sing opera!)
Taotao "A little bit. But not very well."
Faera "That’s alright. I’ll give you a demonstration, then."
Faera stood up straight and shook back her long blonde hair. Then she began to sing.
As Faera’s voice filled the air, all the surrounding sounds seemed to fade away. There was only Faera.
My feet began to move on their own. And as if in a trance, I walked towards her.
(!!)
(I can’t hear my own thoughts over the sound of Faera’s voice—)
And then all of a sudden Faera stopped singing, and the sound returned to the world around me.
Faera "So, how about it?"
I stared at her in awe.
Taotao "How do you do that?"
Faera leaned against the fence.
Faera "If people are familiar with the enchantment, they can easily break out of it. But it works great on animals. When it’s time to bring the sheep to the barn, I lead them all back with my singing."
I giggled as an image of myself leading a herd of sheep by song popped into my head.
Taotao "Please teach me! Your singing was beautiful."
…
After a few hours of learning, Faera took a seat under a lone willow tree. I sat down next to her and watched as a journal appeared in her left hand. A quill appeared in her right hand, and she wrote with magical ink.
Faera "You did great today. I’ll write down the main ideas for you so you don’t forget. This way, you can share it with that lovely friend of yours too."
When Faera was done writing, she carefully tore the page out of the journal and handed it to me. The paper was scented faintly with lavender—the same scent lingering on Faera.
Faera "Thank you for coming for a lesson. Would you care to join me to pick some flowers? Once they’re dried out, they’re wonderful for tea and potions."
…
When I returned to the inn, I filled Yuyao in on my lessons with Faera. The two of us then spent the rest of the day strolling through town. Time slipped by quickly, and soon we were back at the inn getting ready for bed.
…
The following day, I decided to find Mudan.
After rolling out of bed in the morning, I went to buy myself breakfast from a nearby cafe. Yuyao was sleeping late as usual.
When I was done eating, I returned to the building adorned in peonies. The morning fog had just lifted, and the sky was a pale blue over the green landscape.
Mudan was already setting up for the day in the tattoo shop and smiled as I walked in.
Mudan "Good morning."
I returned her smile.
Taotao "Good morning."
Mudan "Would you care for tea?"
Taotao "Yes please."
Mudan led me through the door at the back of the tattoo shop. Beyond was what appeared to be a studio apartment. Mudan’s room was decorated in shades of green and magenta. Her bed was pressed against the wall, and the glass doors at the back of the room led to the garden of peonies outside.
Mudan went over to the kitchen portion to begin brewing a pot of tea.
I took a seat at the small table, curiously glancing around as I waited.
Shortly, Mudan joined me on the opposite side of the table.
Mudan "So you want to learn a few things about body art from me?"
I nodded.
Taotao "What kind of magic is there in body art?"
Mudan gave me a knowing smile.
Mudan "For the duration the body art is on one’s body, the paint gives them an effect. For instance, more energy and faster healing."
(So it’s the paint that’s magic?)
I opened my mouth to ask my question, but Mudan beat me to it.
Mudan "Yes, there’s magic in the paint, but it has to be paired with the art itself to work. There’s a certain combination of brushstrokes for each desired effect, and I like to take it a step further and hide the message in intricate designs."
There was the soft whistling from the tea kettle, and Mudan stood up to retrieve it.
After pouring me a cup of tea, Mudan went to get a set of brushes and paints.
Mudan "Give me your arm. I’ll show you how it works."
I rested my arm on the table, palm up.
Mudan dipped her brush in the green paint before leaning over to apply the pigment to my arm.
The paint was cool on my skin, and I watched a stem and leaves bloom from Mudan’s brush. She dipped her brush in a pale blue paint next to complete the orchid.
I looked at the flower in delight.
(It’s so pretty! I wish I could paint flowers like this.)
Taotao "It’s beautiful. What effect does this one have?"
Mudan "This one is for good luck and traveling to your next destination smoothly."
I couldn’t help but smile.
Mudan "I hid the magic pattern in the leaves and petals of the flower. I’ll write down a few of the easiest and most helpful ones for you to study."
Mudan waved her hand, and a piece of paper materialized on the table. She dipped her brush in her paint and began to write.
I took a sip of my tea, pleasantly surprised by the delicate floral flavor.
(This reminds me of the tea back home, but with the addition of something flowery.)
Taotao "If you don’t mind me asking, are you from Skygate?"
Mudan smiled faintly as she nodded.
Mudan "Yes, I’m from Skygate, but my parents moved us to Willowhill when I was in high school for work. My parents returned to Skygate last year, but I decided to stay. My school and shop and friends are all here. I don’t think I can part with it now."
(So that’s how it is.)
Taotao "Well, if you’re ever visiting Skygate, you’re more than welcome to find me."
…
After collecting the paper from Mudan, I returned upstairs where Yuyao was still sleeping.
I found Benben basking in the patch of sunlight streaming in through the window and crouched down next to him.
Yuyao "Taotao? You’re back."
I turned to look over at where Yuyao was now sitting up in bed.
Taotao "Did I wake you?"
Yuyao "Yes, but I think it’s a good thing. We still have a day left to explore. I’d hate to spend it sleeping."
Taotao "What do you want to do today?"
Yuyao brushed her hair out of her face as she pondered my question. Then she clapped her hands together.
Yuyao "How about we have a picnic? It’s a beautiful day outside."
Taotao "That’s a brilliant idea!"
After Yuyao finished getting ready, the two of us left our room. Benben was in the cat backpack, not looking overly thrilled by this new development, but still tolerant.
Yuyao and I stopped at one of the shops to buy some pastries. We left the shop with a brown paper bag. Yuyao carried it as we followed the path out of the town and into the grass covered hills.
A soft wind picked up, rustling the grass and flowers. Yuyao and I hiked to the top of one of the hills before finding a shaded spot under a willow tree. Then Yuyao used her magic to conjure a pink picnic blanket, which we set down on the grass.
I took a seat on the blanket and set down the cat backpack. Next, I unzipped the top and carefully lifted Benben out.
Yuyao sat down across from me and opened the bag of pastries.
Yuyao "Which one do you want? We have strawberry, wildberry, and vanilla bean."
Taotao "Wildberry."
Yuyao grinned as she handed it to me.
Yuyao "Looks like I guessed correctly! I thought you’d say that."
I returned the smile as I took the pastry from her.
Taotao "Yuyao knows me the best."
As Yuyao went back to look through the pastries, I gazed out at the rolling grasslands. Sheep dotted the scenery like fluffy clouds.
(It looks like an oil painting from here.)
I sighed softly as a gentle breeze picked up.
Yuyao turned to me.
Yuyao "Is everything alright?"
Taotao "Yes. I was just thinking, well, things are just so peaceful here. I wish we could stay longer."
Yuyao smiled.
Yuyao "So that’s what you’re thinking about. Don’t worry, even though we have to continue on our way this time, we can come back here on our own for a vacation."
Taotao "Really?"
Yuyao "Of course!"
I tipped my head back to look at the sky.
Taotao "I can’t wait until summer break."
Yuyao "Me too. This time I won’t work at the cafe. Let’s spend the break traveling around."
I gave Yuyao a thumbs up as I latched on to her arm.
Taotao "Good idea."
Yuyao just playfully poked me in the head.
The two of us sat there for a while, watching the clouds drift across the blue sky and the sheep slowly meander through the green fields.
…
When we returned to the town, we found Faera and Mudan waiting for us at the tattoo shop.
Faera lifted a hand to wave us over.
Faera "Would you care to join us for dinner? I’m going to borrow Mudan’s kitchen to make rose biscuits. I bought all the ingredients this morning for the occasion. They’re quite lovely."
I exchanged a glance with Yuyao.
Taotao "Can we?"
Mudan "Of course! Faera and I have enjoyed getting to know the two of you. When we’re all in Wisteria City, let’s meet up again and get dinner together."
…
Before long, Mudan’s room smelled of the baking rose biscuits, and I closed my eyes to breathe it all in.
Faera "This batch is almost done. Have you ever had rose biscuits before?"
I shook my head as I watched Faera brush her hair over her shoulder to peek into the oven.
Taotao "I haven’t. We have rose pastries at home, but I’ve never had a rose biscuit. They smell wonderful, though."
Faera "In that case, have you ever tried a lavender cake?"
(Lavender cake?)
I shook my head.
Faera clapped her hands together.
Faera "Let’s make one together to celebrate this year’s competition."
We took turns washing our hands in the sink as Faera prepared the ingredients, chatting and laughing together as we took turns mixing the batter.
Faera took the batch of rose biscuits from the oven and we all eagerly tried them while they were hot.
(The biscuit itself is soft and flakey, and the rose filling melts in my mouth!)
Shortly after the cake went into the oven, the scent of lavender began wafting through the room.
As we waited for the cake to bake, Faera brought out pasta.
By the time we had finished eating and done washing the dishes, the cake was ready to be decorated.
Mudan showed us how to decorate the cake, and before long, it was done.
Yuyao had to have taken a hundred pictures of the cake before we sliced it.
I closed my eyes as I took a bite of the cake. Delicious. The perfect way to end our stay in Willowhill.
…
The next morning, Yuyao and I were preparing to continue on our way. I sat on my bed, reading through the recipes Faera had sent us through a group chat. Benben sat on my lap, and the sound of water running echoed softly from where Yuyao was doing her makeup in the bathroom.
I was absently swinging my legs when the water stopped. The door to the bathroom opened a moment later, and Yuyao stepped out. She was looking at her phone with a troubled expression on her face.
Taotao "Is something wrong?"
Yuyao sat down next to me to show me her screen.
Yuyao "I need to head back to Skygate."
(Head back to Skygate?)
Taotao "What happened?”
Yuyao rose to her feet and began packing the remainder of her belongings into her suitcase.
Yuyao "I’ll fill you in on more of the details later. Right now, I need to head back. Long story short, someone started a rumour that Zhu Bei still wants the position of school leader for himself. Some classmates aren’t letting him leave Skygate, and Wanwan is refusing to go until they let Zhu Bei leave."
(I can’t believe it. I thought we had resolved this already.)
Taotao "I’ll go with you."
Yuyao shook her head.
Yuyao "Do you think you can stay here in Willowhill? If they somehow manage to leave and I miss them, you’ll be here to welcome them."
Taotao "Alright. Be careful, okay?"
Yuyao flashed me a reassuring smile.
Yuyao "I’ll be back before you know it. Wait for me!"
…
Before long, I was alone in the inn room with Benben.
I sighed as I stood up and walked over to where Benben was now sleeping in the corner.
(It’s just you and me for now, Benben.)
(This was a little unexpected, but I don’t mind staying in Willowhill a little longer. Besides, Mudan and Faera are still here.)
I quietly pulled out my phone.
(I’ll send a message to the two of them telling them what happened.)
Once I sent the message, I put my phone away.
(Now it’s time for breakfast!)
…
A soft humming filled the tattoo studio as I came down the stairs. I lingered there on the wooden steps for a moment, looking down at the tattoo shop below.
Mudan was deep in concentration as she tattooed a young woman with long blonde hair.
(Wait, isn’t that Faera?)
I came down the rest of the stairs and walked over. Faera glanced over to give me a dreamy smile.
Faera "Good morning, Taotao. Mudan and I got your message that you’ll be staying in Willowhill a little longer."
Mudan stopped to look over at me as well
Mudan "Good morning."
Faera sat up from where she was laying on one of the tattooing tables.
Faera "This is perfect. It’s about time for a break."
Taotao "You’re getting a tattoo?"
Faera nodded as she fixed her hair.
Faera "This isn’t my first one either.”
Faera leaned forward and brushed her hair to the side to show me a little flower tattooed behind her ear.
Faera "Mudan did this one for me when she first opened the tattoo shop. I’ve been wanting to get a bigger piece done, but our schedules kept getting in the way. Mudan doesn’t have any other clients today, and we get time off from school to prepare for the competition, so I jumped on the opportunity."
Faera straightened to show me the half-inked flowers trailing up the side of her thigh.
Faera "I’ll admit the timing was a little spontaneous. What do you think? I think I’m in love."
Taotao "It’s beautiful!"
There was something lifelike in the lavender flowers. They were elegant and decorative, the flowers stopping just before reaching the hem of Faera’s lacy skirts. I looked over at the light purple ink next to the tattoo gun Mudan had just set down.
With just one look, I could tell there was magic infused in the ink.
I turned back to Faera, lowering my voice to ask the question on my mind.
Taotao "Does it hurt?"
Faera shook her head as she got to her feet.
Faera "It’s bearable. I’m just stiff. We’ve been here for a few hours already[i]. I’m glad you’re here—it’s about time for another break."
As Faera went to the back of the studio to get a glass of water, I timidly took a step closer to where Mudan was taking off her gloves.
Taotao "Did you design that tattoo for Faera?"
Mudan looked up at me, smiling faintly as she nodded.
Mudan "A while back, when Faera first had the idea for a bigger tattoo, I made a lot of sketches for her, and this was the one she finally decided on. Now we’re finally inking it."
Mudan rested her chin on the palm of her hand.
Mudan "Would you like me to sketch something for you sometime? I can give you a discount. Do you like flowers? Or maybe you prefer animals?"
I glanced over at Faera.
(The tattoo does look elegant on her.)
Mudan picked up her sketchbook, but just as she lifted her pencil, the front door opened.
A young woman walked in, and both of us turned to look at her.
Young Woman "Um, are you busy?"
Mudan stood up from her seat.
Mudan "Are you looking to book an appointment or rent a room?"
The young woman wrung her hands together.
Young Woman "I’m here looking to get a tattoo. Do you have any time today or tomorrow?"
Mudan reached for another book, which depicted her schedule.
Mudan "I’ll be free in a couple of hours if you’re willing to wait around. Do you already have a design?"
The young woman pulled out her phone and showed Mudan a picture. Curious, I leaned over as well to take a look. The picture was of an orange cat with black spots.
The woman dropped her gaze.
Young Woman "Her name was Cato. She was an old cat and passed away last month."
Mudan offered the woman a sad smile.
Mudan "My condolences. I can copy her from the picture line for line."
The young woman put her phone away.
Young Woman "It doesn’t have to be exactly this pose. Maybe you can put some flowers around her too. She liked to play with dandelions."
Mudan "How big do you want the design? Where do you want it?"
The young woman looked uncertain.
Young Woman "Um, my back, I guess."
Mudan "If it’s a large piece, it will be a long appointment. We can plan to schedule for tomorrow. How about you send me the picture? I’ll work on a design tonight."
The woman nodded and quickly took her phone out again. Once the appointment was set up, the woman left the shop.
Faera walked over to us, curious as she leaned over to see the photo glowing on Mudan’s phone.
Mudan put her gloves back on.
Mudan "Shall we continue?"
…
That evening, I sat in the corner of the tattoo shop. I balanced my laptop on my lap as I waved my hands through the air in a series of complex motions, following the instructions on how to cast a particular spell.
(Since I’ll be spending more time here in Willowhill, I might as well start practicing for the competition.)
Pale blue magic flared around me but faded just as quickly. I sighed. I was having difficulty concentrating.
(I hope everything is working out on Yuyao’s end.)
Benben purred softly from where he was curled up on the bench next to me.
I shut my laptop and absently stroked his dark fur. I was just about to reach for my phone when the door to the tattoo shop opened and Mudan enter the room.
Taotao "Mudan."
Mudan "Taotao."
Mudan strode over to the door at the back of the shop and unlocked it.
Mudan "Care to join me for tea?"
…
In Mudan’s studio room, I took a seat at the table. Mudan magically brought the kettle to a boil and was shortly bringing the tea over to the table.
Mudan opened her sketchbook as I took a sip. The flavor reminded me of home again. The night glowed outside the windows. It was warm inside, and Benben was like my own personal heater on my lap.
My eyes fell on the basket of dandelions by the door.
Taotao "You picked those?"
Mudan nodded.
Mudan "I went out to get some inspiration for the design."
Mudan waved a hand. Magenta magic glowed at her fingertips, and the basket floated over to our table.
Taotao "Even now you’re still working. I admire that."
Mudan smiled faintly.
Mudan "I enjoy my job. It’s fun, but I’m serious about it too. I’ll be up late again sketching."
I watched Mudan lay a few of the dandelions out on the table. As she sketched, I played with Benben.
For the next half hour, we sat there. We didn’t talk to each other, but I found I didn’t mind. It was comfortable inside, and I just enjoyed the company as I did my own activities[j][k].
Mudan "What do you think?"
Mudan turned her sketchbook around to show me the design.
I admired the drawing of the orange cat happily surrounded by the dandelions.
(It’s a beautiful tribute.)
Taotao "I love it. I’m sure your client will love it too."
…
The following day when I came down the stairs to the tattoo studio, Mudan was already working on the young woman’s back.
The woman lay on her stomach on the tattoo table, resting her chin on her arms. Her long hair spilled out around her. As I looked on, she winced every once in a while, but her expression otherwise remained blank.
I made my way out of the tattoo shop and down the street to grab breakfast. When I returned, Mudan and the young woman were still there. Knowing that they would probably be busy for most of the day, I returned to my inn room. Finally, after getting some studying done, I left to take a walk outside.
The town was quiet as I ambled down the path, and soon grassy fields were waving around me. Willow trees and soft hills made up the world of green. I walked past the sheep, pausing there to snap pictures for Yuyao.
As I crouched down to get a better shot, something caught my eye on the screen. I zoomed in to find a pale pink flower. There was something almost magical about it.
I lowered my phone and moved closer to get a better look.
The lone flower grew in a patch of grass, almost glowing in the sunlight.
I smiled as I raised my phone to snap a picture.
…
That night, I showed the picture I had taken to Mudan.
Except . . . her expression as she looked at it was not what I expected.
(!!)
(This flower isn’t poisonous, is it?)
Taotao "Is there something wrong with this flower?"
Mudan shook her head.
Mudan "No, it’s just . . . I could have sworn I tattooed that very flower on someone a few weeks ago. I remember all the tattoos I’ve done. The flower . . . it’s exactly the same."
I frowned down at the image glowing on the screen, not sure how to respond.
(Maybe I should change the topic.)
Taotao "How did the tattooing go today?"
Mudan pulled out her own phone to show me a picture. There was a scene of a cat in a field of dandelions on the woman’s back.
Mudan "It took all day."
A smile touched my lips as I looked at it.
Taotao "I can tell you worked hard. It’s beautiful."
…
The next day, I was going on an outing with Faera and Mudan. Faera had a basket of fresh bread in hand, and I was carrying a blanket. Mudan held her sketchbook and was looking around at the flowers and insects that colored the grassy fields.
We passed the fluffy sheep that were sprinkled over the green canvas like clouds. Eventually, we came across a patch of flat grass. The swaying willow trees provided us with shade, and Mudan helped me lay out the blanket.
Faera conjured a glass jar full of lavender flowers from the air and set it on the blanket as our centerpiece. She sighed contentedly as she brushed her long hair over her shoulder.
Faera "It’s so romantic, isn’t it?"
Mudan held out a hand, and a tea set appeared with a soft magenta glow. She poured me a cup, and I beamed, delighted.
Once I passed out plates, I took a piece of bread.
The wind picked up, scattering dandelion seeds. There was something magical about the way they glittered. After taking my picture, I closed my eyes and stretched. The air was touched with the scent of grass and flowers, and the world was calm.
A soft meowing sounded, and I smiled.
(Wait a minute . . .)
I opened my eyes when I realized I had left Benben back at the inn. He had been sleeping when I left.
I glanced around trying to find the source of the noise.
Faera blinked as she tried to follow my gaze.
Faera "What are you looking at?"
I turned to the two of them, doubting my ears.
Taotao "Do you hear a cat?"
The three of us sat quietly, and a moment later, the meowing sounded again.
Mudan "I hear it too."
Faera suddenly pointed to a patch of dandelions.
Faera "There! Look at the beautiful darling."
Once my eyes fell on it, I whirled to look at Mudan. Her expression was one of surprise.
(No, it can’t be, can it?)
I shook my head, blinking. But when I turned back to the orange cat, it was still there, its tail swaying gently.
Taotao "Isn’t that that woman’s cat? But didn’t it pass away?"
Mudan took a step closer in bewilderment.
Mudan "It looks exactly the same."
Mudan knelt down, and the cat padded over. She gently lifted it up. The cat purred in her arms. Mudan exchanged a look with me.
Mudan "Can you show me that picture of the flower again?"
I nodded and quickly opened my phone. Now sitting back down with the cat in her lap, Mudan flipped through the pages of her sketchbook. She turned it around to show Faera and me.
My eyes widened as I held my phone down next to the page. The flower was exactly the same, as if it had come out of the page itself.
Faera took a sip of her tea as she looked back and forth between the images.
Faera "Odd . . ."
I reached over to absently stroke the cat in Mudan’s lap, and its fur ruffled under my fingers. The cat was very much alive and real.
The cat let out a soft meow, and suddenly, it was leaping out of Mudan’s lap.
Without giving myself time for hesitation, I jumped up and sprinted after it.
Taotao "Wait!"
Faera "Taotao!"
Without turning to look back, I could tell Mudan and Faera were hurrying after me.
I chased the cat down the hill.
(I don’t know what’s gotten into me, but I can’t lose sight of it now!)
The cat finally stopped in a field of swaying grass. It looked up at me as I clutched a stitch in my side.
Taotao "Is there something here you want to show us?"
The cat just let out another soft meow.
I sighed as a wind picked up, sending the grass and flowers swaying.
Mudan and Faera finally caught up and slowed to a stop next to me.
Mudan looked around the field.
Mudan "There’s no one here."
Faera "Maybe this is where it was separated from its owner."
I glanced around as well, but like Mudan had said, there was no one around except for the three of us.
I knelt down. The cat let me scoop it into my arms, and it purred as I stroked its soft fur.
Taotao "Let’s head back to town. If we want to find its owner, we might have better luck there."
Mudan and Faera nodded in agreement.
Mudan "The two of you can head back first. I’ll go pack up our picnic."
And so, Faera and I took off in the direction of the quiet town.
As we walked, Faera cooed as she reached over to pet the cat in my arms.
Faera "Isn’t it the sweetest darling?"
I smiled as I watched Faera.
Taotao "Have you raised pets before?"
Faera shook her head.
Faera "No, but I’ve grown butterflies."
Faera brushed her hair over her shoulder as she looked up at the clear sky.
Faera "They’re quite adorable as caterpillars."
…
When we arrived back at town, the two of us sat around in Mudan’s tattoo studio as we waited for her to return.
The cat was now fast asleep in the corner of the room. I had brought Benben down from my inn room upstairs, and now the black cat was eyeing the orange one suspiciously as if he didn’t know what to even make of it.
I frowned.
Taotao "I’m certain this is the same cat that belonged to the women who came in to get a tattoo."
Faera "It wouldn’t hurt to send her a picture. Even if it isn’t hers, maybe she might have a clue who its owner is."
After taking a picture of the cat, I opened my contacts only to realize I didn’t have the young woman’s information.
(I guess we’ll have to wait until Mudan gets back.)
…
We didn’t have to wait long before Mudan stepped inside.
I shared our idea with Mudan, and Mudan agreed to send the picture.
…
I spent the rest of the day studying in my inn room before meeting up again with Mudan and Faera for dinner.
As we ate, I looked over at Mudan.
Taotao "Did you get a response yet?"
Mudan shook her head.
Mudan "No. The message hasn’t been read yet either."
Faera "Maybe she’s still too busy."
I nodded as I tried to push the worrisome thoughts from my mind.
Faera reached for her glass of sparkling wine.
Faera "Cheers to us doing well in the competition."
I smiled as I raised my own glass and gently clicked it against Faera and Mudan’s.
Taotao "Cheers."
…
Once we finished eating, the three of us were walking back to Mudan’s studio together when Faera paused.
Faera "Oh! I can’t believe I forgot my basket in the field when we chased the cat!"
I giggled.
(So it’s her basket she’s worried about. I thought it might have been something more pressing.)
Taotao "It’s okay. You can get it tomorrow. We’ve still got a movie to watch."
I was slightly warm in the head and more giggly than usual.
Faera wrung her hands together.
Faera "You can watch it without me. Those were really lovely lavenders I picked this morning. My plan was to bake with them tomorrow too. Once I bring them home, I need to start prepping them right away."
(Mudan and I could go with her, but I don’t think I can walk very far at this point.)
Taotao "Alright. We’ll see you tomorrow, then."
Faera nodded as she flashed us a smile.
Once Faera vanished down the street, I smiled as I linked arms with Mudan.
Taotao "Let’s go watch a movie!"
…
Faera walked through the grassy fields, humming softly to herself as she searched the moonlit landscape for her basket.
It didn’t take her long to spot it, and a smile spread across her face as she scooped it into her arms.
Faera "Lovely."
As she started to make her way back to the path, she paused.
Faera turned, straying further from the path to walk through the grass. The basket of lavender now swayed from her arm as she approached the trees.
Faera’s eyes widened as she came to a stop.
Faera "Are you real or but an illusion? You’re the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen."
…
The next morning, I awoke to my phone alarm buzzing softly.
I winced as the buzzing cut through the fog in my head.
(Maybe I shouldn’t have had so much to drink last night.)
I sat up and reached over to turn it off, blinking in the light. I slid out of bed and shuffled over to the bathroom to wash my face. When I was done, I walked over to fill Benben’s bowl. The black cat was still fast asleep, and I smiled.
Picking up the bowl, I opened the door to my inn room.
(I’ll give the new cat its breakfast first.)
I walked down the hallway and down the stairs to Mudan’s tattoo studio, but even after looking everywhere, the cat was nowhere to be seen.
I stood there, confused as I scratched my head.
(But it was sleeping here when I gave it dinner last night!)
The door at the back of the studio opened, drawing me from my thoughts.
I hurried over as Mudan shut the door behind her.
Taotao "Have you seen the cat we picked up yesterday?"
Mudan blinked as she shook her head.
I frowned, confused as I scanned the studio again.
Then I looked back to Mudan.
Taotao "Oh, have you gotten a response yet from that young woman?"
Mudan sighed softly.
Mudan "I just checked again a few minutes ago. She still hasn’t read the message."
(Strange.)
I shook my head, trying not to dwell on it.
(Maybe she’s still busy and doesn’t have time to check her phone.)
Mudan "Want to ask Faera if she’d like to join us for breakfast?"
Taotao "What? Oh, yes."
I quickly pulled out my own phone and scrolled through my contacts to send a message to Faera.
After the message was sent, Mudan and I waited in the tattoo shop.
Half an hour slipped by without a response. I tried calling, but the phone continued to ring until it finally cut to the answering machine.
Mudan glanced at me.
Mudan "I can tell you're hungry. How about we head over first? We can always try to meet Faera later for lunch if she doesn’t join us for breakfast."
I smiled sheepishly as my stomach rumbled.
Taotao "Okay."
…
Even after Mudan and I finished our breakfast, the message I sent to Faera remained unread.
I was now starting to feel a little uneasy.
Taotao "Faera drank about the same amount as the two of us did last night. She still can’t be hung over, can she?"
Mudan was frowning faintly as she shook her head. She took out her phone to call Faera, but the phone just continued to ring the same way it had when I tried calling earlier.
Mudan "This isn’t normal for her. How about you head back to the tattoo studio in case she shows up there? I’ll check her house."
…
When Mudan entered the tatto shop, I hurried over to her anxiously.
There was an odd expression on her face as she shook her head grimly.
Mudan "She’s not at her house. I tried calling her phone again, and it wasn’t there either."
Suddenly I had an idea.
Taotao "Can you see her phone’s location?"
Mudan’s eyes widened as she quickly swiped through her screens.
Mudan "She’s in the meadow!"
(I can’t believe I didn’t think of trying that sooner.)
Taotao "Quick, let’s go find her!"
…
Mudan and I hurried to the location the phone indicated, but there was no one around.
Mudan was frowning as she called Faera’s phone again.
The sound of soft chimes filled the air, and the two of us looked down at the grass where Faera’s phone lay.
I was at a loss for words for a moment as I just stood there, staring at it as it rang.
Taotao "I don’t understand. How did Faera suddenly go missing?"
I knelt down to retrieve the phone, when suddenly something purple caught my eye.
(Lavender flowers?)
My head snapped up to Mudan as I beckoned for her to take a look as well.
Taotao "Something’s off about these flowers!"
Mudan quickly crouched down to take a closer look.
Mudan’s expression changed again.
Mudan "These are the flowers I tattooed on Faera!"
I reached out with a shaky hand to pick one of the flowers. It glimmered with magic as I held it up.
Taotao "This isn’t the first flower we’ve seen like this."
I suddenly turned to look at Mudan.
Taotao "This flower is a clue!"
Taotao "First that orange cat we saw yesterday when we were having a picnic, and now Faera’s lavender flower."
I fumbled for my phone and showed Mudan the picture of the sparkly pink flower I had taken even prior.
Taotao "And this one! They’re all your tattoos!"
Just then, a meowing sounded.
(Cato?)
All I could do was watch in surprise as a white [l]cat darted out from the grass and effortlessly snatched the flower from my hand.
(Hey! That’s not Cato!)
Mudan made to give chase as the cat dashed off, but I grabbed her wrist.
Taotao "Who knows if this was the way Faera disappeared. If that cat really has something to do with it, it’s for the best that we don’t follow it right now."
Mudan let out a breath as she nodded.
(I know we’re both worried about Faera, but we need to keep ourselves out of trouble too if we want to find her.)
I bit my lip.
Taotao "What do we do now?"
Mudan "I’ll ask around the town to see if anyone else has gone missing. We shouldn’t stay out here."
I nodded again, this time bending down to pick another one of the lavender flowers. This one I tucked into the pocket of my skirt.
(These flowers belonged to Faera. They might be able to help us find her[m].)
…
This time when we returned to Mudan’s tattoo shop, I slumped in defeat.
(I can’t believe Faera’s missing.)
On the way back, Mudan had us stop by at the local police station to report Faera’s disappearance, and to my dismay, the authorities informed us that a number of people had suddenly vanished within the last couple of days, except they had no idea where to start looking for them.
Mudan had provided what she could to help the case by informing the authorities of how she had previously tattooed Faera and a couple others. The magic the tattoos left behind might be a clue where to find them.
I had anxiously asked if all the reported people had been tattooed, worried the blame would wrongly fall on Mudan, but the authorities claimed they weren’t. Instead, they said it was a good thing the ink was magic and that, because of it, they now had a clue where to start looking.
Now, Mudan placed a comforting hand on my shoulder.
Mudan "With the new clues left by my magic ink, the authorities have already started to look into the disappearances."
I just let out a sigh. I took the lavender flowers out of my pocket and held them up in front of me.
Taotao "Do you have a jar?"
Mudan blinked before nodding.
Mudan "For the flower?"
She waved a hand and a glass jar appeared. There was already water inside, and I carefully placed the flower in it.
Mudan "Taotao. . ."
I blinked as I looked over at her.
Mudan "If I go missing, my peony tattoo will mark my disappearance."
(!!)
(I can’t think about what kind of situation I’ll be in if that happens. I don’t want to think about it.)
I rapidly shook my head.
Taotao "You’re not going to go missing."
Then I took a deep breath.
Taotao "Mudan, do you think you could use your magical ink to tattoo a flower on my arm? That way if I go missing, you’ll have a clue about where to find me."
Mudan nodded silently. After prepping one of the tattoo stations, she motioned for me to take a seat.
After sitting down, I offered my arm to Mudan.
Taotao "The more colorful you can draw it, the better. It will be easier to spot."
Mudan sighed.
Mudan "I’ll do a flowering tree, then. That should be easy to spot."
I nodded in agreement.
Soon, I was gazing out the window. The sun had just gone down, and the soft humming of the tattoo gun was the only sound in the still night as Mudan worked on my arm.
I didn’t feel any pain. I just felt numb. My head was a mess of whirling thoughts. Faera had suddenly vanished, and so had a number of others. Were they alright? Were they in danger? Would I be next? Part of me wanted to pack up and leave Willowhill as fast as I could, but I also didn’t want Mudan to have to deal with the current situation alone.
After a long silence, I finally spoke up.
Taotao "Mudan. . ."
Mudan "Hm?"
Taotao "The people who disappeared . . . if they aren’t found, Faera and the others who are supposed to compete in the competition won’t have a chance to go."
Mudan was quiet for a moment.
Mudan "If you’re worried about getting stuck here too, it might be better if you go ahead and continue on your way to Westwitch."
Taotao "That’s not what I mean. I’m set on staying. Faera is my friend too. Besides, I told Yuyao that I’d be here waiting for her to return."
(Wait, Yuyao!)
I reached for my phone where it was laying a short distance away and pulled up Yuyao’s contact. I had been in such a state of shock from the recent events that I had completely forgotten to fill Yuyao in about our situation.
Yuyao called me in response almost immediately.
Yuyao "What?! Faera and a number of others have gone missing?"
Yuyao "Wait for me, Taotao! I’ll head back to you right now!"
Taotao "Maybe it’s for the best to keep your distance from Willowhill until this issue gets resolved."
Yuyao "No way, I can’t do that. You’re still there!"
I sighed.
Taotao "What’s the latest on your end?"
Yuyao "I’m working with the school to get security to accompany Wanwan and Zhu Bei until they reach Willowhill. It’s strange, I’ve been investigating and, get this, the one who spread the rumors this time isn’t even from our school! Whoever they are, they came and left without a trace. But you’re more important right now, Taotao. I’m sure Wanwan and Zhu Bei can figure out the rest. I’ll rush back to Willowhill. Wait for me!"
With that, Yuyao hung up the phone.
I was quiet for a moment.
Taotao "Yuyao’s worried."
Mudan "I’d be surprised if she wasn’t."
Taotao "Actually, I’m surprised the news hasn’t spread already. People going missing . . . I feel like something as big as this would make the headlines."
Mudan "I think the reason this hasn’t gotten out yet is so people don’t panic. If the authorities can’t get the missing people back by the end of the week, I’m sure the story will start circulating. The worst case scenario would be if the authorities can’t figure out the cause of the disappearances. Then, Willowhill would likely be put under watch and the competition would be canceled."
I set my phone down in dismay, but just then, my eyes suddenly snagged on something outside the glass doors to Mudan’s garden. The white cat was back.
I pointed this out to Mudan.
Taotao "Do you think we should let it in?"
Mudan "Let’s wait and see. If it’s still here by dinner time, let’s bring it a bowl of food."
…
When my tattoo was complete, I returned to my inn room where Benben was waiting for me.
(My head is a mess right now. I haven’t felt this stressed since taking the exam.)
Taotao "What do I do, Benben?"
I spent the rest of the day trying my best to study, though my mind kept wandering.
At dinner time, the white cat in the garden was gone.
…
The following morning, I came downstairs to Mudan’s tattoo shop only to quickly realize that something was amiss.
Taotao "Mudan!"
The door to Mudan’s room opened, and she hurried over to me.
Mudan "What is it?"
I pointed to the glass jar sitting on one of the shelves.
Taotao "Faera’s flower is gone!"
Mudan swiftly made her way over to the shelf to examine the empty jar.
Mudan "It’s gone."
I grabbed her arm.
Taotao "It’s the same way the orange cat vanished! The magic can’t last long on its own. Either that, or the item can’t be moved far from where it appeared."
(So then the rest of Faera’s lavender flowers . . .)
Taotao "Mudan, I’m going to check if the rest of Faera’s flowers are still in the meadow."
Mudan put a hand on my arm as I made to hurry off.
Mudan "I’ll go with you."
…
Mudan and I walked together through the quiet fields of swaying grass. We arrived at the place where I found Faera’s flowers, but today, there was only grass waving in the wind.
Just then, a soft meowing sounded.
I blinked as I looked down.
The white cat was back.
My heart rate quickened, but I didn’t let myself waver.
Taotao "Do you think it might be trying to tell us something?"
Mudan "Last time, I didn’t let you follow it. It came all the way to my house. I think it might be trying to tell us something."
Taotao "I think it might know where the missing people are."
I took out my phone and snapped a picture of the cat. After sending the photo to Yuyao, I made sure that my location tracking was on.
(Just in case the worst happens . . .)
After returning my phone to my pocket with shaky hands, Mudan and I followed the cat. We followed it through the fields and to a growth of willow trees. I squinted to keep the cat in sight as I brushed away the low hanging branches.
Mudan walked at my side, and suddenly she let out a gasp.
Mudan’s voice was quiet.
Mudan "Look."
The trees in front of us sparkled and glowed faintly with magic. Now that I had stopped walking, I could feel a strong magical presence. It was thick in the air around us.
The white cat just continued padding along through the grass.
I took a deep breath before forcing myself to walk forward again.
We weren’t walking for long before I threw out an arm to stop Mudan in her tracks.
We were standing on a ledge, and below us at the bottom of the hill was . . .
Mudan "Faera!"
Faera and a number of other Willowhill residents were lying in the grass. Around them, gigantic flowers bloomed and swayed in the wind. When I looked closer, I could see the light pollen raining down on them, keeping them under the flowers’ spell.
Taotao "How did they get over here?"
My gaze snapped over to the cat. It was now sitting on the ledge, meowing softly.
My voice wavered.
Taotao "Is the cat . . . the culprit?"
Mudan grabbed my arm and pulled me back the way we had come.
Mudan "If the wind changes direction, we’ll become like them in no time. Hurry!"
As we ran back through the willow trees, I threw my arms out as I tried my best to clear the hanging branches and leaves.
When I finally crashed through the last of them, I quickly turned around. I waited for Mudan to emerge from the trees, but the world remained quiet apart from the thundering of my heart in my chest.
Suddenly worried, I took an apprehensive step back toward the trees.
Taotao "Mudan?"
Step after step, I cautiously made my way back into the growth of willow trees.
Taotao "Mudan!"
Just then, my eyes snagged on something colorful.
Among the green of the grass and trees, bright pink peonies bloomed.
(No! I can’t believe it.)
I nearly staggered. Mudan had gone missing too.
I stood there frozen for a moment before whirling and sprinting as fast as my legs could carry me. I didn’t stop running until I reached Mudan’s tattoo shop. I shut the door behind me and slumped against it, breathing heavily as I tried to catch my breath.
I pressed my hands to my face. With Mudan gone, I was alone in this unfamiliar place with no one to turn to.
There was a meowing as Benben hurried over to me.
I scooped the black cat into my arms and buried my face in his fur. I hadn’t realized how much I was shaking until I was holding onto his steady body of fur.
Taotao "Benben, what do I do? Mudan is gone too now."
I paced back and forth in the studio for a while before going upstairs and locking myself in my inn room.
(The only thing I can think of is going to the authorities, but if I go outside, will I vanish too?)
I spent an hour texting Yuyao about what I should do now.
Yuyao’s text were all very worried, telling me to report what I found to the authorities over the phone and stay inside for the time being.
When I finally put my phone aside, I became aware of a soft meowing. I rolled over from where I had been laying in bed.
Taotao "Benben, it’s not time for dinner yet."
Then I blinked.
Taotao "Benben?"
The black cat was sitting on the windowsill, meowing softly as he looked down at the gardens below.
I stood up and walked over to the window only to inhale sharply.
The white cat was sitting in the garden outside, looking up at me.
Suddenly panicked, I hastily grabbed Benben off the windowsill and pulled the curtains shut.
I set Benben down on the floor and crouched down as if this way the cat outside wouldn’t be able to tell we were inside.
Benben looked up at me in a sad sort of way.
Taotao "No, Benben. I don’t think that cat is a friend."
Benben just meowed sadly.
(Benben usually has a good judgment of character. If he doesn’t think the white cat is up to no good, maybe I'm overthinking?)
Still trying to gather my thoughts, I buried my face in my hands.
…
I spent the next few hours trying to study on my laptop, every once in a while hesitantly tiptoeing over to the window, lifting the curtains, and peeking out. But every time, the white cat was still sitting there. And every time, I would panic and duck back down under the window.
(The cat doesn’t seem like it’s going to leave. And so, I’ve made up my mind[n].)
^^^
(I can’t just sit around like this. I trust Benben’s judgment. I believe that the cat is here to help. I’m the one who’s overthinking.)
Slowly but determinedly, I rose to my feet.
Taotao "I’m going to bring Mudan, Faera, and the others back. Wait for me, Benben."
Making sure my phone was on me, I hurried down the stairs and out the door. I met the white cat in the garden. As if on cue, the cat took off at a run. I hurried after it as it led me back out of the town and into the grassy fields.
…
By the time we reached the willow grove, the sun was beginning to drop from the sky.
As the moon rose, now in the dark, my mouth fell open as the trees began to glow. Silver butterflies fluttered as if crafted from moonlight itself. Flower petals scattered in their wake, only to vanish before they touched the ground.
The white cat meowed softly before darting into the willow grove.
I stood frozen.
(Was I mistaken? Is the cat going to lead me straight to the flowers after all[o]?)
^^^
(I need to get out of here!)
My heart racing in my chest, I turned and fled. My feet flew over the grass as I sprinted. I could see the silver light glowing from behind me. The butterflies drifted after me.
(They’re gaining on me!)
Looking over my shoulder, I hastily raised my hands. Blue light burst into existence around me as I waved my finger through the air. But the pollen in the air was making my head spin as I tried to cast a spell. The butterflies were sprinkling their petals again, and I cried out as the world swam around me.
(No!)
…
? "Taotao! Taotao!"
(My head . . .)
I winced as I awoke. Everything felt cloudy.
(This voice . . . I know this voice.)
Yuyao "Taotao!"
I blinked as Yuyao flung her arms around me in a tight hug.
Taotao "Yuyao?"
Yuyao nodded as she finally pulled away.
Yuyao "How do you feel?"
I winced as I looked around. I was sitting on the grass. Around me, a number of others were slowly waking up as well and looking around in confusion.
I looked to Yuyao, wide-eyed.
Taotao "W-what happened?"
Yuyao’s eyes were filled with worry.
Yuyao "You went missing too. It’s all thanks to Benben and this white cat that I was able to find you."
I blinked again, suddenly realizing the white cat was present as well.
Yuyao picked up the cat and gently stroked its fur.
Yuyao "When I arrived, I think it was desperately trying to tell me that I needed to help you."
I offered the cat a tired smile.
Taotao "So that’s how it is. I’m really sorry I didn’t trust you. You just wanted to help."
I glanced around at where town authorities were helping to wake the remaining people up.
Taotao "What happened to the magic flowers?"
Blonde hair flashed in my vision as Faera took a seat next to me.
Taotao "Faera! I’m so happy you’re alright!"
Faera beamed.
Faera "The authorities just finished removing the flowers. We don’t have anything to worry about anymore. Let me tell you, these flowers aren’t uncommon in this area, except they’re not supposed to be this big. They have a special pollen that has sleeping properties. The pollen can only be seen at night. In the day, it’s practically invisible. Normally we collect the flowers to add in potions and medicines."
I turned back to Yuyao.
Taotao "You weren’t affected?"
Yuyao "The cat made sure I didn’t get too close and guided me through the illusions when pollen did come in contact with me. Then I used magic to keep the pollen from leaving the flowers before calling the authorities over."
I threw my arms around her again.
Taotao "Yuyao is the best! I knew you could figure it out!"
Yuyao giggled.
Mudan "Yuyao, I’m glad you’re here."
Yuyao smiled as we all turned to watch Mudan walk over to us.
Mudan "I want to know how these ordinary flowers became this way. This sort of situation could have been very dangerous. What if we were never found?"
I shuddered. I didn’t want to think about it.
Yuyao helped me to my feet, and I glanced around again. Among the people waking up, I spotted the young woman who had gotten the cat tattoo.
Yuyao "How about we head back? The town authorities will do the rest here."
I nodded.
Yuyao bent down to scoop the white cat into her arms, and then we were off.
Mudan and Faera walked with us as we made our way back through the fields.
I lowered my voice.
Taotao "How long was I asleep?"
Yuyao "Likely a day. Yesterday, I was on my way back when you texted me that Mudan had gone missing. I just arrived this morning."
I wrapped my arms around Yuyao.
Taotao "Yuyao, what would I do without you?"
Yuyao just laughed as she playfully poked me with a finger.
Yuyao "I’ll treat all of you to dinner tonight. No drinking, though. Spend tomorrow resting up, then we need to continue on our way to Westwitch so we don’t fall behind schedule."
Taotao "Yes ma’am!"
…
After dinner that night, I showered and then flopped onto my bed.
Yuyao was already sitting on the other bed, scrolling through her phone.
Taotao "Yuyao, I’m so happy you’re back. What ended up happening with Wanwan and Zhu Bei? Were they able to start traveling?"
Yuyao set her phone aside, smiling.
Yuyao "If all went according to their plan, they should have left this morning."
I let out a breath of relief.
Taotao "That’s good."
Yuyao’s smile softened.
Yuyao "Get some rest. We still have a ways to go to get to Wisteria City."
…
I spent the majority of the following day asleep. When I woke, Yuyao had lunch waiting for me. Faera dropped by the tattoo studio, and we spent some time hanging out in Mudan’s room. We helped Faera bake another cake and spent the day laughing and chatting together.
After going to bed early again, I was ready in the morning to set off.
Mudan had let us know she had a client today and Faera would be seeing us off on behalf of the two of them.
Faera joined us for breakfast before walking with us to the edge of the town.
Faera "To get to Westwitch, all you need to do is follow the path. You should be able to get there before nightfall."
Just then, a soft meowing sounded.
I blinked as the white cat timidly emerged from the grass. It stopped at Yuyao’s feet, brushing up against her.
Yuyao "Have you come to see us off as well?"
The cat just meowed sadly.
Faera’s eyes sparkled.
Faera "From what I know about animals, I think she wants you to take her with you. She’s taken a liking to you, Yuyao."
Yuyao’s eyes were wide.
Yuyao crouched down to gently pet the cat.
Yuyao "You want to come with me?"
The cat meowed in response.
Yuyao "But I can’t take you. What if you already belong to someone? You should go home to your owner."
The cat just looked at us sadly as we mounted our brooms and waved to Faera.
…
Yuyao and I flew along the path. The hilly landscape slowly began to flatten, and the vibrant green grass darkened in color.
The trees sported leaves in shades of red and yellow, and buildings made from dark wood began to come into view.
I looked on excitedly.
Taotao "We made it to Westwitch!"
But just as the words left my mouth, I suddenly sensed the presence of magic and skidded to a stop.
Yuyao must have sensed it too because she was frowning as she slowed as well.
I got off my broom and walked forward a few paces. Then tentatively reaching out my hand, I blinked as it made contact with something solid but invisible.
I exchanged a glance with Yuyao.
Yuyao knocked on the invisible barrier as if it was a door.
Yuyao "Hello? Is anyone there?"
I squinted as I tried my best to see through the trees to the town.
(That’s odd—I don’t see any people at all.)
Yuyao "Do the people at Westwitch not want visitors?"
I just shook my head, perplexed.
When it became obvious that the barrier wasn’t going to let us through, I wrung my hands together.
Taotao "Should we continue to wait here and see if there’s anyone we can ask for help? Or should we try to go around?"
Yuyao bit her lip.
Yuyao "It will get dark soon. I’m not sure how I feel about traveling at night. Let’s wait a little longer."
…
About half an hour later, Yuyao suddenly grabbed my arm from where we were dejectedly sitting next to each other on the side of the path.
Yuyao "Look! Someone’s coming from Willowhill."
A young woman with curly hair was flying toward us.
Yuyao and I rose to our feet as she slowed to a stop in front of us.
The young woman blinked. There was a sophisticated aura about her and she was dressed fashionably.
(She must be from Westwitch!)
Young Woman "Is everything alright? What are the two of you sitting out here for?"
Taotao "There’s a barrier here. It won’t let us through."
I explained our situation as I put a hand against the invisible wall to demonstrate.
The young woman frowned faintly.
Young Woman "Here, let me see."
She dismounted her broom and reached out a hand as well.
I stared as her hand went right through the barrier preventing me from advancing.
Taotao "You—you can go right through it?"
________________
Act Three
Westwitch, where autumn embraces all with its colors


The young woman withdrew her hand from the barrier preventing Yuyao and I from advancing.
Young Woman "That’s odd. There was never a barrier here before."
I exchanged a glance with Yuyao.
Yuyao spoke slowly.
Yuyao "Could someone not want us to enter Westwitch?"
The young woman shook her head.
Young Woman "That doesn’t make sense either. You’re traveling to Wisteria City for the competition, correct?"
She continued after Yuyao and I nodded.
Young Woman "That’s why it’s strange. All the years before, Westwitch would happily host the travelers from Skygate and Willowhill on their way to the competition."
I glanced around again. The sun was setting now, and there wasn’t another soul in sight.
Taotao "I don’t see anyone else stuck outside."
The young woman furrowed her brow, deep in thought.
Young Woman "I’ve been in Willowhill for the past week. I assume the two of you came from that direction too. Did you hear about the disappearances? I think because of that, there’s a temporary slow down in students coming to Westwitch. Even though I don’t know anything about the implementation of this barrier, there’s a good chance that it’s in regards to the events in Willowhill. I’m a Westwitch local. I’ll have to bring this up with the mayor. How about this, I’ll try to get the two of you in now."
(Going in now would be a lot better than spending the night stuck inside. But can she really help us through?)
Yuyao "You can do that?"
The young woman extended her hands for Yuyao and I to take.
Young Woman "I’ve read about this method in books."
I took her hand and Yuyao took the other. This time as we walked forward together, instead of being stopped by the barrier, we passed right through.
The moment we were on the other side of it, people appeared, milling about the streets.
Yuyao looked at me weakly as the young woman let go of our hands.
Yuyao "What—?"
The young woman gave us a smile.
Young Woman "You’re in now. It’s getting late, but tomorrow morning I’ll go with you to see the mayor."
Taotao "Thank you."
Young Woman "I’ll help you book a room at one of the inns on my way home. I’m Amalia, by the way."
Yuyao "Thank you, Amalia. I’m Yuyao, and she’s Taotao. We’re sorry for the trouble."
Amalia waved us off.
Amalia "It’s no trouble. I’m happy to help. Most of us here in Westwitch pride ourselves on being the friendly sort. Oh, did one of you happen to lose a cat?"
Yuyao and I exchanged a confused glance.
(Benben’s still in my cat backpack. How could we have lost a cat?)
Amalia turned and opened the bag hanging off her broom. And inside was . . .
Yuyao "It’s you!"
The white cat meowed at us happily, and a smile spread across Yuyao’s face as she scooped the cat into her arms.
Amalia "I found it half way between Willowhill and Westwitch. I think it was trying to follow you."
Yuyao ruffled the cat’s fur.
Yuyao "Aww, I’m sorry. We won’t leave you behind again. It’s settled then, you’re coming with us."
I reached over to pet the cat’s soft fur.
(My heart! I can’t believe she followed us. I wouldn’t mind her staying either.)
Taotao "Do you have a name in mind for her?"
Yuyao seemed to think about it for a moment before smiling widely.
Yuyao "Niangao."
…
As we walked through the town, I looked around at the buildings. Pumpkins grew in yards, and the smell of baking apples and cinnamon wafted through the streets.
Amalia led us through the busy center of town and then down a quieter street.
Amalia "My house is to the left. There’s a small inn just a few blocks past it."
…
It didn’t take us long to reach the inn, except we quickly found out it was completely booked.
Outside under the night sky, Amalia checked her phone for availability at other inns.
Amalia "Almost everything is booked already. There still are some hotel rooms left, but they’re far too expensive for students."
Yuyao and I exchanged a discouraged look.
Taotao "What should we do?"
Amalia turned to the two of us.
Amalia "If you’re not opposed to the idea, you’re welcome to stay at my place for the night. We’re going to see the mayor tomorrow morning together anyway."
(This could work! A few weeks ago, I would have jumped at the idea of staying at a stranger’s house, but I don’t sense any bad intentions from Amalia. And after Willowhill, I think I feel braver than before too.)
Taotao "Really? Can we?"
Amalia nodded.
Amalia "My house isn’t very big, so you’ll have to make due with sleeping in the living room. If that doesn’t work—"
Yuyao "No, no, that’s perfect. Thank you so much!"
…
Soon, we arrived at Amalia’s house, and she welcomed us inside.
Yuyao and I made ourselves comfortable on the couch, and I was just starting to drift off when I looked at Yuyao.
Taotao "I just don’t understand why there’s a barrier that won’t let us in."
Yuyao sighed.
Yuyao "I don’t understand either. We’ll go to the mayor tomorrow and hopefully things will get cleared up then."
Yuyao "Don’t worry about it too much now. Let’s just get some rest. We’ll figure this out tomorrow."
…
The following day, I woke to Amalia gently tapping my shoulder. I shook Yuyao awake.
Amalia "I know we haven’t eaten yet, but I hope you don’t mind if we go straight to see the mayor. Early mornings are the best time to see him. If we wait too long, there could be a line when we get there. I’ll treat the two of you to a meal afterwards, how does that sound?"
I looked to Yuyao, and she nodded.
Taotao "That’s fine with me."
…
Still slowly waking up, Yuyao and I followed Amalia through the town. The morning air was crisp and misty, and we finally approached a building considerably different from the rest.
Autumn leaves snaked up the sides of the wooden structure and over the arched windows.
Yuyao clung to my arm excitedly as we came to a stop in front of the door. There was no one else around this foggy morning, and Amalia pushed the door open.
Warmth washed over us as we stepped inside.
I tentatively glanced around. A young woman with curly red hair was sitting at the desk off to the side of the room, talking animatedly on the phone.
As we neared, I found that the plaque on her desk read "Cassidy."
The young woman on the phone was starting to lose her cool.
Cassidy "What do you mean you don’t want me to go over and check the damage in person? How am I supposed to assess and compensate you for your losses if I don’t know the extent of the flooding? What? My father is busy right now, and I’m acting mayor until he gets back from Skygate! Call me back when you’ve made up your mind."
Cassidy set her phone down steamily. When she finally noticed the three of us standing there, she quickly brushed her hair away from her freckled face, changing her previously flustered appearance to offer us a smile.
Cassidy "I’m Cassidy, the acting mayor while my father is away. How can I help you today?"
Amalia stepped forward.
Amalia "We’re here to inquire about the barrier around Westwitch."
Cassidy blinked blankly.
Cassidy "Barrier? What barrier?"
(Even the mayor’s daughter doesn’t know? Then could have barrier have been set up by someone outside of Westwitch?)
Taotao "You don’t know about the barrier? There’s a barrier that stopped my friend and I from entering Westwitch."
There was a crease between Cassidy’s brows now.
Cassidy "But Westwitch is always open to travelers. Us Westwitch folk are known to be friendly and hospitable."
Yuyao "The barrier is there. I’m worried that if it didn’t let us through, it’s keeping other travelers out as well. I know there’s a temporary slow down in travelers, but it won’t be long before word spreads and this becomes a bigger problem."
Cassidy quickly rose to her feet.
Cassidy "Show me. Maybe there’s something I can do."
(There’s still something I’m curious about.)
Taotao "So you’re taking over for your father for the time being?"
Cassidy nodded as she strode purposefully toward the door.
Cassidy "My father left a couple of days ago to go to Skygate. The two of you look like you’re from Skygate."
Yuyao "That’s correct! We’re on our way to Wisteria City."
Cassidy twisted around to give us a grin.
Cassidy "I’ll also be on my way to Wisteria City shortly. I’m leaving once my father gets back."
She addressed Amalia next.
Cassidy "Amalia, right? I’ve seen you on campus before. I knew you looked familiar! Will I be seeing you there too?"
Amalia nodded.
Amalia "We’ll be representing Westwitch together."
…
As we grew closer to the edge of town, a frown appeared on Cassidy’s face.
Cassidy "There’s magic in the air here."
When we reached the invisible barrier, Cassidy closed her eyes for a moment, and magic the color of crisp apples flared to life around her.
Her eyes snapped open a moment later.
Cassidy "This is my father’s magic!"
Yuyao "Your father put this barrier up around Westwitch?"
Cassidy pulled out her phone.
Cassidy "I’ll call him right now. He didn’t tell me about this."
We waited anxiously as Cassidy spoke on the phone.
Finally, Cassidy lowered her phone.
Cassidy "I don’t understand. My father said in short that he put the barrier up because someone gave him a list of people to be cautious about."
(A list? Don’t tell me Yuyao and I are on that list . . .)
Cassidy pinched the bridge of her nose.
Cassidy "If anything, I thought it might have been in response to the disappearances in Willowhill, but maybe somehow this list is related to that too?"
Yuyao and I exchanged a glance. Without a clear answer, at this point, the only thing any of us could do was guess.
Cassidy "I’ve got to head back to the town hall. Apparently, the list is still there too. Let’s look for it together."
Just as we made to turn back, Yuyao grabbed my arm.
Yuyao "Look!"
I followed Yuyao’s gaze to where a young man and a young woman stood in the distance, just outside the barrier surrounding the town.
Cassidy spotted them too, and then all of us were hurrying over.
The young man was dressed in the clothing of a Willowhill local, and the young woman appeared to be from Skygate.
Cassidy approached them with a friendly smile.
Cassidy "What’s going on here?"
The young woman was nearly in tears.
Young Woman "There’s a barrier here! It won’t let me in."
The young man spoke up.
Young Man "The barrier lets me through but won’t let her through. We’ve been out here waiting for an hour, and I was just about to try and find help."
Young Woman "We’re both on our way to Wisteria City. He found me stuck outside Westwitch."
Amalia stepped forward and offered her arm to the young woman.
Amalia "Take my arm. I can get you through the barrier."
The young woman tentatively took Amalia’s arm, and together the two of them crossed the barrier.
The young woman’s eyes were wide as she looked to the young man and then back at us.
Young Woman "Is this normal for Westwitch?"
Cassidy shook her head.
Cassidy "I’m Cassidy, the mayor’s daughter. I’m looking into the issue right now. The barrier is my father’s magic, and he suddenly put it up without telling me. If you have any other issues in Westwitch, don’t hesitate to come find me at the town hall."
She offered them a smile.
Cassidy "I’m terribly sorry about the inconvenience. Welcome to Westwitch."
…
Back at the town hall, Amalia, Yuyao, and I searched the mayor’s office for the list.
Cassidy was attending to the concerns of the locals outside and had entrusted us to find the list with the hopes to resolve the barrier problem as soon as possible.
I was on my knees looking through the wooden drawers and cabinets, overwhelmed by the sheer amount of papers.
Amalia "I think I found it."
Yuyao and I quickly hurried over to her.
Amalia held a piece of paper out. Someone had written a list of names in a messy scrawl. There had to be a hundred names total on the list, but my eyes instantly went to the ones listed in the top ten.
I inhaled sharply.
(Wanwan and Zhu Bei are listed there!)
Yuyao must have noticed this too because she suddenly grabbed my arm.
Amalia watched our reactions.
Amalia "Are the two of you on the list?"
She handed the list to Yuyao and the two of us scanned it.
Taotao "Neither of us are on it."
Amalia folded her arms over her chest.
Amalia "This looks like a list of the top hundred students going to participate in this year’s competition."
I blinked as I got closer to the bottom.
Taotao "Amalia! Isn’t this you?"
Amalia took the list from us, and her eyes widened.
Amalia "It is . . ."
Yuyao "You were on the list, but you could still get through the barrier. Taotao and I aren’t on the list, but we couldn’t cross?"
I just stared at the list.
(What is going on?)
Then I froze as it struck me.
Taotao "There isn’t a magic that can easily isolate only those names on the list. I’m guessing the mayor doesn’t know who most of these people are. But over half of the names on the list are from Skygate. Skygate does have the largest population after Wisteria City, after all. The barrier is preventing everyone from Skygate from entering Westwitch!"
Yuyao’s expression changed from surprise to dismay in a matter of seconds.
Yuyao "That isn’t right at all! Someone wants to prevent the top one hundred students from going to the competition?"
Then Yuyao’s grip tightened on my arm.
Yuyao "The flowers in Willowhill! Were those also put there to prevent people from competing?"
I bit my lip.
(I don’t want to believe it. But if it really is the case . . .)
Amalia "They must know there’s no way to cheat during the competition itself, so now they’re trying to stop the participants before they can arrive. I was in Willowhill when people started disappearing. I don’t want to jump to conclusions, but I think it’s too much of a coincidence that these two things happened when they did."
Yuyao’s tone was dark.
Yuyao "That’s playing dirty. Who’s so desperate as to do such a thing? In Willowhill, most of the people who disappeared were Willowhill residents. This time here in Westwitch, how does the barrier even know we’re from Skygate?"
I pulled my student card from my bag to show Yuyao.
Taotao "My bet is on these. Everyone going to the competition is required to present them, and Skygate’s cards have Skygate’s magic in them."
Amalia "Before we get too ahead of ourselves, Cassidy mentioned something about the mayor saying it was an issue of safety. What if there is someone dangerous coming from Skygate?"
Yuyao let out a laugh.
Yuyao "I don’t buy it. All the names on that list are students just like us. I think whoever gave the mayor that list is the dangerous one."
Amalia "I agree."
I turned to Yuyao.
Taotao "We need to figure out how to get the barrier down. Traveling around instead of through Westwitch adds at least another day of travel, and with people not expecting the barrier, they might not have enough food either."
Amalia "To get to Mythodor from Westwitch, it takes another day of travel, and there aren’t many accessible rest stops along the way. People have to stop in Westwitch to get supplies. Now that we’ve found the list, let’s go show it to Cassidy. Something needs to get done about this before more and more students get stuck outside."
…
The three of us stepped outside to find Cassidy pacing back and forth with her phone to her ear. There was a line of people waiting outside the building, and Cassidy was beginning to get flustered again.
Cassidy "You’re saying you have guests from Skygate at your inn reporting they can’t leave Westwitch?"
I exchanged a worried glance with Yuyao and Amalia.
Cassidy "Okay, I understand. I’ll be right over."
She hung up the phone and we hurried over to her.
Taotao "Cassidy, we found the list!"
Cassidy "Tell me about it quickly. We’ve got a situation on the opposite side of town."
Yuyao "It turns out the list of names is actually a list of the top hundred students set to participate in the competition."
Cassidy looked shocked as Amalia handed her the list.
Cassidy "Don’t tell me my father was tricked!"
I watched her expression.
(The way she said that . . .)
Taotao "If you don’t mind me asking . . . is your father easily tricked?"
Cassidy let out a groan, and her red curls bounced as she nodded.
Cassidy "He’s very easily persuaded, let’s put it that way."
She turned to address the line of people beginning to raise their voices to get her attention.
Cassidy had to raise her voice as well to be heard over their questions.
Cassidy "Everyone, there’s an urgent issue I have to address. I might not be able to listen to your concerns until tomorrow. I’m terribly sorry."
Cassidy’s curls bounced again as she bowed deeply.
The crowd grumbled before slowly beginning to disperse.
Cassidy straightened and tiredly fixed her pointed hat.
Cassidy "Why does everything always happen at once?"
Amalia "Cassidy, if the students from Skygate are trying to leave, you can get them through the barrier by being in contact with them—either by holding their arm or hand."
Cassidy nodded gratefully before dashing off.
I looked to Amalia.
Taotao "We should help the people stuck outside the barrier. If they have to go around Westwitch, we can at least give them food or help them in so they can rest."
Yuyao flashed me a quizzical look.
Yuyao "If they know they can’t easily get out, chances are they’re not going to want to come in. They’ll need food to continue their journey, but where are we going to get that much food? And how much is it going to cost us?"
Amalia "You can borrow my kitchen. If we want to make large batches of food, we’ll have to use magic to speed up the process. Basic bread will be the most cost friendly option."
Taotao "We should at least put something inside the bread. Do you think Cassidy and the mayor will reimburse us? I mean, even if they don’t, I’ll spend my own money for the cause."
Yuyao "Me too."
Resolve flashed behind Amalia’s eyes.
Amalia "What do you want to buy? I’ll pitch in as well. How about pumpkins? They’re plentiful here."
Taotao "Perfect!"
Amalia "I’ll buy the ingredients now. Then I can go wait at the barrier to either help people through or let them know about the situation. I’ll spread the word so other locals can help too."
Yuyao "Taotao and I can make the pumpkin bread and then deliver it to you."
(Suddenly, the situation seems to be looking brighter. I’m so glad we have Amalia with us.)
Taotao "Let’s get started, then!"
…
At Amalia’s house, I stared determinedly at the oven.
(It’s time to use some magic!)
Taking a breath, I lifted a hand and the fire in the oven sparked to life. It was a blue flame, the color of orchids in full bloom.
Yuyao and I magically mixed our dough and the pumpkin filling[p].
In half an hour, we had two large baskets full of pumpkin stuffed bread. This was a recipe Amalia had provided us before she left to help the students outside the barrier.
Now Yuyao and I were hurrying toward the edge of town.
A number of students from Skygate were gathered outside the barrier. Amalia was there too with other Westwitch locals. They had set up tables and chairs for the students and had even gone as far as constructing a canopy for shade.
Yuyao "Amalia, we finished our first batch of pumpkin bread!"
Amalia smiled as I handed her the basket.
Amalia "This is perfect. We’ve let the students outside know about the situation with the barrier and they’ve come to the agreement that they feel more confident going around Westwitch rather than through given the current situation. Providing them with food is the least Westwitch can do to make up for our usual hospitality."
…
A few hours later, the number of students from Skygate had grown.
Amalia and I stood behind one of the tables we had set up, handing out pumpkin bread and hot tea to the students. [q]Yuyao was back at Amalia’s house making more bread. I recgonized a few of my own classmates among the students and we greeted each other with small smiles and waves.
It was a clear day and now the students sat on the benches and chairs, chatting among themselves.
I watched the other Westwitch locals milling around and checking on the students to make sure they had everything they needed to continue on their way to Mythodor.
Taotao "So many of them are taking time out of their own day to help out. It’s really beautiful to see."
I handed out another cup of tea.
Taotao "Here you go. Be careful, it’s hot."
I continued to pass out cups before finding the opportunity to look to Amalia again.
Taotao "Even though a lot of the students are continuing on their way now after getting food, there’s still going to be new arrivals all through the night. I’m sure most people probably have heard about the situation now, but those who have no place to stay can only continue heading this way."
Amalia "We can take shifts[r]. I’ve been helping keep Cassidy up to date with the development here. She said she’ll join us once she finishes up on the other side of town."
(Cassidy is so busy. And when we were at the town hall, she was the only person working there too.)
When I mentioned this out to Amalia, she sighed.
Amalia "Normally, there are more people at the town hall, but half of them were called to Wisteria City to help administer this year’s competition. The other half are student interns who took time off to prepare for the competition. Now that it’s just Cassidy, it isn’t easy for her."
…
Even after nightfall, Cassidy, Amalia, Yuyao and I were still diligently helping out the travelers from Skygate.
I blinked as my vision seemed to swim before my eyes, and I paused for a moment to put a hand to my head.
(This is no good. We’ve been out here all day. But I can’t stop now. I can still see people arriving even now.)
(This must be how Yuyao felt like back on campus as being part of student leadership. Tired and busy with a million tasks to complete, but these things need to get done to ensure a better experience for everyone.)
I started moving again, determined.
(We need to make another batch of pumpkin bread—)
My vision swayed again as tiredness washed over me, and I staggered.
Someone was there in an instant to steady me with a firm grip.
(Yuyao?)
I turned to find curly red hair taking up my vision.
Cassidy "Taotao, I can tell you’re tired. You were great today. You’ve done more than enough already. You should rest."
I shook my head as I offered her a grateful smile.
Taotao "You’ve been out and running about even longer than I have. I can keep going."
Just as the words left my mouth, my stomach let out a growl.
Cassidy laughed.
Cassidy "Looks like you’ve been so busy helping out that you’ve forgotten to look out for yourself. Go get some rest. I already sent your friend Yuyao back. Leave the rest to me. I’m used to this kind of work."
Taotao "You don’t ever get tired?"
Cassidy gave me a wry smile.
Cassidy "It is tiring. But it’s my job and responsibility. I won’t let my town down, and I won’t let myself down either. As the daughter of the mayor, I’m obliged to uphold Westwitch’s values and set a good example. If I sit back and do nothing, will my neighbors see that and do so as well? Go back and get yourself something to eat. You’re a guest here in Westwitch—you shouldn’t have to work so hard. I’ve got enough volunteers here for the night."
(Seeing how passionate Cassidy is about her work her only makes me want to help even more. But she’s right, I need to get some rest before I don’t even have the energy to make it back to Amalia’s house.)
Taotao "I’ll see you tomorrow, then."
Cassidy nodded and waved.
Cassidy "I’ve already sent a message to Amalia. She’s waiting to help you back into Westwitch."
…
I found Amalia waiting for me by the invisible barrier. She was scrolling through her phone, and she pocketed it as I approached.
Amalia "Yuyao went back to my house already. She wanted to finish that last batch of bread before going to sleep."
Taotao "Okay, I’ll go find her there. What about you?"
Amalia "I plan to stay out here for a few more hours. Try to get some sleep. I can tell you and your friend both need it. No need to wait for me."
After parting ways with Amalia, I wandered back through the streets alone. The streetlamps pulsed softly, illuminating the way. Even in the dark, I had gone back and forth from Amalia’s house so many times I knew I could walk these paths even with my eyes closed.
…
When I reached Amalia’s house, the warm scent of pumpkin and cinnamon spice hit me the moment I opened the door.
Yuyao was sitting on the couch, and she looked up from where she was scrolling on her phone. Niangao was asleep on her lap, and Benben was curled up a few feet away.
Yuyao "You’re back."
Yuyao patted the couch, and I plopped down next to her. I didn’t even realize how fatigued my legs were until I was sinking into the cloud-like cushions.
Taotao "Yuyao . . ."
I leaned against Yuyao as she went back to scrolling.
Yuyao gestured to the plate of pumpkin bread on the coffee table.
Yuyao "You should eat and then get some sleep. I’ve set an alarm on my phone so we can be up early tomorrow morning."
I groggily grabbed a bread and took a bite. And despite the fact that we had been taste testing them all day, each bite was still delicious.
…
I woke up the next morning to the sound of Yuyao’s alarm. It was a catchy pop song, and the music filled the quiet house.
(It’s the same alarm from the time we were living in the student dorms together.)
I smiled faintly.
(I still remember the first time I heard it, I asked Yuyao why use this song. She had told me with a grin that this way, instead of wanting to go back to sleep, she’d want to wake up and sing along.)
I blinked at the pale light glowing outside the windows. The sun was only beginning to rise through the fog.
Yuyao was still asleep with her head on my shoulder, and I gently shook her awake.
Yuyao hummed a few lines before turning off the alarm and yawning. She stood from the couch, then she tapped my arm and gestured with her head to where Amalia was fast asleep in one of the dining room chairs. Even though she was sitting upright, she looked exhausted.
I made sure to speak quietly.
Taotao "Let’s get started on our next batch of pumpkin bread. That can be our breakfast as well."
…
Yuyao and I had just shut the oven door when Amalia stirred.
I walked over to her.
Taotao "You’re awake. Good morning."
Amalia gave me a tired smile.
Amalia "Morning."
Taotao "What time did you get back last night?"
Amalia "Very late."
She winced as she stood up.
Amalia swayed on the spot for a moment, and I was instantly there to steady her.
I gave her a worried look.
Taotao "You’ve been working so hard. Try not to push yourself any further. Yuyao and I are here to help. If you need anything, just ask us."
Amalia gave me a grateful smile before walking over to one of the kitchen cabinets. I stayed by her side, making sure she was steady.
Amalia "Tea, anyone? This should keep me awake at least for the first half of the day."
Yuyao "Please."
Amalia scooped a number of dried petals and leaves into a teapot.
After she filled the pot with water, steam immediately began to spill out of the spout. She poured us each a cup.
Amalia took a sip from her own cup before reaching for her shawl.
Amalia "It’s going to be chilly today. I’ll head out first to buy more ingredients. I already made a list last night."
Taotao "Are you sure? If you give me the list, I could go instead. You’re going to be competing in the competition too. I don’t want your health to decline because you're overworking yourself."
Amalia smiled faintly.
Amalia "Thank you, really, but buying groceries is still something I can do. You’ll find that my problem is once I start something, I need to see it through and make sure it goes well. I’d like to not work so hard, but I can’t help it. When I get back, I’ll leave the hard work for you and Yuyao to do, how does that sound?"
I nodded.
Once Amalia left the house, I turned to Yuyao, who was now cradling a content Niangao in her arms.
Taotao "Do you think Wanwan and Zhu Bei have arrived?"
Yuyao looked thoughtful as she pondered my question.
Yuyao "I’m curious too—let’s send them a message."
I pulled out my phone to send a message to the two of them.
To my pleasant surprise, Zhu Bei replied a few seconds later, and I showed the message to Yuyao.
Taotao "Zhu Bei said he and Wanwan just arrived at Willowhill. They’ll be there for a couple of days too before making their way to Westwitch."
Yuyao "Do we know if Faera and Mudan still at Willowhill? We could ask them to help look out for Wanwan and Zhu Bei for us. With their names being on the list we found and all, it’s a little unsettling."
Taotao "I’ll send them a message too."
…
When our batch of pumpkin bread was done, I packed it into a basket and hurried to bring it to the edge of town. Yuyao stayed at Amalia’s house to start on the next batch.
I found Cassidy at the barrier, and she helped me across.
I set my basket of pumpkin bread down on one of the tables.
Taotao "Did you get any sleep last night?"
Even though Cassidy still sported a smile, she too looked like she hadn’t gotten much sleep.
Cassidy "A little. After midnight, there weren’t any more travelers. A couple locals volunteered to keep a lookout while the rest of us went back to rest. The good news is that today, more of the locals have also volunteered to provide food for the travelers. You and your friends won’t have to work as hard."
(That is good news. And on the topic of news . . .)
Taotao "Any luck on trying to get the barrier down?"
Cassidy shook her head.
Cassidy "The barrier is my father’s magic. He has to personally remove it. While it could be broken if we got enough people to work together, I don’t think we should go that far until the situation is made clear."
…
A few hours in, Cassidy hurried over to me, the most flustered I had seen her yet.
Cassidy "My father just gave me a call. He just arrived at Skygate and realized he was tricked. He’s rushing back now to remove the barrier, but it will still take him until tomorrow morning to get here since he plans to travel through the night."
Taotao "Tricked?!"
(I had a feeling there was something wrong about that list of students!)
Cassidy "My father told me when he was on the phone with the informant, the informant told him to go to Skygate and find someone named Professor Tan[s]. He found the professor, but she had no clue what was going on."
Taotao "Why didn’t he think of calling beforehand?"
Cassidy let out an exasperated sigh, shaking her head and tapping her foot in annoyance.
Cassidy "He’s the old fashion type. If he had only consulted with me before rushing off, this mess wouldn’t have happened."
I paused for a moment before speaking again.
Taotao "Does your father know who the informant is?"
Cassidy pinched the bridge of her nose.
Cassidy "He doesn’t even know the informant’s name! He said the informant’s voice was a guy’s, but I don’t even know if he can say for sure. Taking a potion to temporarily change your voice is something anyone can do."
I was quiet for a moment as I processed the new information.
Taotao "At least your father is coming back."
Cassidy "Once he’s back, I’ve got to pack my things and make my way to Wisteria City. Hopefully I can leave it to him to investigate what’s really going on."
Cassidy paced back and forth for a few moments before she turned back to me.
Cassidy "I think it’s for the best to try to take the barrier down. The locals are doing great helping out, but it’s embarrassing enough as it is having a barrier keeping Skygate students out."
(Is she going to try and take the barrier down by herself?)
Cassidy rolled up her sleeves.
Cassidy "This is my father’s magic. I don’t see why I shouldn’t be able to remove the barrier. With my father away, it’s my responsibility to take care of everyone in Westwitch, including our guests. I need to give it a try."
Cassidy and I walked to the edge of the barrier before she raised her hands. Red magic the color of crisp apples filled the air and glowed from her fingertips.
Cassidy reached out toward the barrier, and then suddenly there was a blinding flash of light.
I whirled, instinctively snapping my eyes shut as the light washed over everything.
When I opened my eyes and slowly looked back over, I found that instead of the barrier being invisible, it now pulsed with light—an obvious dome enclosing all of Westwitch.
I stared up at it.
Taotao "Cassidy, I don’t think it worked. We can see the barrier now but . . ."
I blinked as I turned on the spot. There was no one else around.
Taotao "Cassidy?"
(She was just here with me!)
I began to panic.
Taotao "Cassidy, where are you?"
I looked over to where Amalia was handing out bread and tea with some other Westwitch locals. Within the barrier, the Westwitch locals milled about, some of them starting and pointing up at the now visible barrier. Outside the barrier, the students from Skygate were wearily taking in the glowing light in front of them.
But Cassidy was nowhere to be found.
I turned in circles on the spot with my hands in my hair.
(I don’t want to believe Cassidy just vanished into thin air.)
I pulled out my phone, about to search up what to do when someone magically disappears but decided against it for the time being.
(I don’t know what I’ll do if I read through all the worst case scenarios.)
Instead, I sprinted over to Amalia.
Amalia’s expression changed when she read my worried look.
Amalia "Did something happen when the barrier turned visible?"
Taotao "It’s Cassidy! Cassidy disappeared!"
Amalia’s eyes narrowed.
Amalia "Where did she disappear?"
Taotao "Over there."
Once I pointed, Amalia was swiftly making her way in the direction.
I hurried after her, and the two of us came to a stop in front of the glowing barrier.
Taotao "Cassidy tried to use her magic to remove the barrier. I think something went wrong. We can see the barrier now, but Cassidy’s gone."
Amalia was silent for a moment, her brows furrowed.
As she stood there thinking, I reached out a hand toward the barrier.
Amalia let out a soft noise and grabbed my wrist before I could touch the pulsing magic.
Amalia "If you touch the barrier, what if you vanish too?"
I began to panic again.
Taotao "What do we do?"
Amalia "Let’s go back to my house and tell Yuyao about what happened. I think it might be for the best to put some distance between ourselves and the barrier for the time being."
I nodded as I tried to gather myself.
Taotao "Yes, let’s do that."
…
Back at Amalia’s house, Yuyao greeted us with a smile, but her expression quickly faltered when she saw the grim looks on our faces.
Yuyao "What happened?"
Taotao "Cassidy disappeared."
I took Yuyao’s hands in my own as I filled her in on the situation. I needed something to hold onto—someone to hold onto.
Yuyao looked just as worried as I did when I finished telling her what happened.
Yuyao "Have you tried calling Cassidy’s phone?"
Taotao "I’ve tried already, but it just keeps ringing."
Suddenly, a soft meowing sounded.
All of us turned to find Benben and Niangao cowering under the couch.
I blinked.
Yuyao looked surprised as well as she knelt down.
Yuyao "What are you doing hiding away?"
The cats remained where they were, seemingly too frightened to leave their hiding place.
Amalia "Let’s stay inside for the time being."
I nodded, still shaken.
Amalia "It’s almost time for dinner. I’ll start preparing something."
…
I had just brought the food out when Yuyao let out a scream from the other room. I quickly set the food down and rushed over. Amalia arrived quickly as well.
Yuyao’s hands were clapped over her mouth as she stared at the mirror in front of her.
Yuyao "L-look, look!"
Yuyao backed away to let me see clearly.
Amalia and I stood in front of the glass. Our reflections looked back at us from the mirror, but there was the reflection of another witch too.
(!!)
Taotao "Cassidy!"
Cassidy’s reflection smiled at us sadly. Her mouth was moving, but there was no sound.
Amalia "She’s telling us that she’s invisible."
Yuyao "You can read lips?"
Amalia nodded.
Amalia "You could say it's a skill of mine."
The Cassidy in the mirror was standing next to Amalia, but when I glanced back, it was just us.
Yuyao’s voice was a whisper.
Yuyao "No wonder Benben and Niangao were so scared. They could sense Cassidy even though we can’t see her."
Amalia slowly pivoted to the place where Cassidy was standing next to her.
Amalia "I can sense that you’re here. I can see your magic glowing around you."
I squinted, trying to see what Amalia was seeing.
Taotao "I can’t see anything."
Amalia turned to me with a faint smile.
Amalia "You could say that I can see invisible people too."
Yuyao "What? How is that possible?"
Amalia let out a soft sigh.
Amalia "I’ve been invisible before. On my thirteenth birthday, I accidentally cursed myself. The wind had blown the candles on my cake out before I could make a wish, so I relit them with magic. But the moment the candle flames returned, I vanished."
Yuyao inhaled sharply.
Yuyao "It backfired?"
Taotao "That’s horrible! How long were you invisible?"
Amalia’s eyes turned sad for a moment.
Amalia "A year."
(A year?!)
Cassidy’s reflection in the mirror looked horrified as well.
Amalia gave us a sad smile.
Amalia "I spent my entire thirteenth year invisible. The day of my fourteenth birthday, I appeared again."
(I can only image what Amalia had to go through.)
Taotao "I-I’m so sorry."
Amalia sighed.
Amalia "Magic can be dangerous. That’s why it’s even more imporant that we learn how to understand it."
Yuyao seemed to finally find her words again.
Yuyao "What did you do when you were invisible?"
Amalia "I spent most of my time studying. My parents homeschooled me that year. Most of the time I had to find ways to entertain myself since it wasn’t always easy to communicate. I got into fashion designing. I wrote detective stories. I looked into ways to break my curse. I haunted the students who had picked on me in school."
Amalia walked over to a drawer and pulled out a small handheld mirror.
Amalia "We can carry the mirror around with us so we can see Cassidy."
I nodded silently as she held it out for me.
…
That evening, I was getting ready for bed after giving Benben his food. The light from within Amalia’s house turned the windows to mirrors, and in their reflection I could see Cassidy sitting in one of the empty chairs.
She was staring blankly at the opposite side of the room as if in a daze.
Using the handheld mirror Amalia had given me, I walked over to Cassidy and leaned against the armrest of the chair. I slowly reached out to place a hand on her arm, but my hand went straight through her as if she was nothing but air.
I spoke softly.
Taotao "Cassidy, we’ll get through this. Yuyao, Amalia, and I are here with you. We’ll figure out a way for you to return and make it to the competition."
Cassidy’s dazed expression didn’t change.
Yuyao caught my eye from the other side of the room and motioned for me to come over.
After giving another reassuring smile in Cassidy’s direction, I walked over to Yuyao.
Yuyao "Taotao, I messaged Wanwan and Zhu Bei to see if they know anything about people turning invisible."
Taotao "Do they know a way to help?"
Yuyao sighed.
Yuyao "They don’t have a solution, but they both mentioned that it isn’t uncommon for strange magic phenomenons to occur in Westwitch. Westwitch was build only a couple hundred years ago. It used to be barren land before people from Willowhill and Mythodor decided to settle here. According to Zhu Bei, it isn’t common knowledge, but when the people from Willowhill and Mythodor built Westwitch, they often got into disagreements and fought violently with each other. The residual of their magic still lingers in the air, causing strange and sometime dangerous occurrences."
(Now that she mentions it, I remember hearing this about Westwitch in school. It’s all starting to come back to me.)
Amalia came over to join us.
Amalia "Westwitch has been trying to resolve this problem for years. Recently, the Westwitch committee along with the help of leading researchers from Wistera City have finally come up with a way to draw the negative magic out of the air, but it isn’t an instantaneous process. They started removing the magic about five years back, but it will be another few years before all of it is gone."
Yuyao looked to Amalia hopefully.
Yuyao "If that’s the case, the negative magic in the air shouldn’t be as strong as before. Maybe Cassidy won’t be invisible for an entire year."
Amalia glanced over at the window and Cassidy’s reflection in the glass.
Amalia "Westwitch might seem like a warm and lively place, but there’s no shortage of strange cases, including ones that still haven’t been resolved. During my time invisible, I based a number of the cases in the detective stories I wrote on real Westwitch cases because of how absurde they were."
Yuyao’s expression turned worried again.
Yuyao "If Westwitch really is as dangerous as you say it is, why don’t people move out?"
Amalia smiled wryly at that.
Amalia "Because Westwitch is a beautiful place with a beautiful community. This is our home. Instead of abandoning it, we’re set on healing it."
…
The following day when I woke, I hopefully looked around the room, but Yuyao was the only one with me. The door to Amalia’s bedroom was still closed, and when I held up the handheld mirror, I found Cassidy reflected back at me, still asleep in one of the chairs.
Amalia was out shortly to join us. She addressed Cassidy.
Amalia "I’ll head out with Taotao to buy us breakfast. Yuyao can stay here with you."
From my mirror, I watched Cassidy crack open a tired eye.
Yuyao nodded confidently in Cassidy’s direction as I passed the handheld mirror to her.
Yuyao "Don’t worry, Cassidy. Once our stomachs and brains are nourished, we’ll come up with a way to break the curse."
…
Outside, Amalia and I walked together down the street. We were passing the town hall when I suddenly grabbed Amalia’s arm.
Taotao "Oh no, I completely forgot about the town hall!"
The two of us looked at the long line of impatient people in alarm.
Even from a distance, we could hear the angry words from the crowd.
Old Man "Where’s the mayor’s daughter? Wasn’t she here taking over for her father? Now that there’s trouble she’s abandoning us?"
(!!)
(Cassidy isn’t that kind of person! She’s been working so hard for everyone these past few days. They aren’t worried that her not being present could mean that something happened to her?)
Amalia seemed to read what I was thinking and put a gentle hand on my arm.
Amalia "It’s not worth arguing with them. It will be problematic not to have anyone at the town hall, though."
Taotao "I’d volunteer myself, except . . . I don’t know if I could do it. I don’t think I could manage this group of people, let alone a whole town."
Then it hit me.
Taotao "Maybe Yuyao could do it! She’s never managed a town before, but she’s part of our school’s student leadership. She has a lot more experience with people than me."
Amalia looked relieved.
Amalia "Let’s ask her. I don’t think I’d be able to do it either. Something I can do though is help Cassidy come back."
I quickly turned to Amalia.
Taotao "You’ve found a way to help her?"
Amalia nodded slowly.
Amalia "Maybe. I spent a lot of time thinking about it last night. There’s a couple of things that might work. One of them is to directly remove the barrier. Once the barrier disappears, Cassidy will reappear. That’s the logic, at least."
I wrung my hands together.
Taotao "So do we wait until the mayor gets back to take the barrier down?"
Amalia lowered her voice as we started on our way again.
Amalia "According to a report late last night, the mayor just got delayed in Willowhill. It’s not clear when exactly he’ll be back. Yes, waiting for him to do it himself would be the easiest way to remove the barrier, but if Cassidy doesn’t reappear soon, she won’t be able to make it to or compete in the competition. Yuyao can’t just stay here in Westwitch until then too. All of us are on our way to Wisteria City."
Taotao "You’re right. We can’t just wait around. If we want to make it to the competition, we need to speed things up."
…
That afternoon, Amalia, Cassidy, and I sat in Amalia’s living room, looking both online and through Amalia’s collection of books to find ways to break barriers.
Amalia and I had filled Yuyao in about the group of angry people outside of the town hall. Yuyao had seemed a little daunted by the task but was determined to do her best to help them resolve their complaints.
Even though we couldn’t see Cassidy, Amalia and I sat on either side of her, reassuring her that we were there with her.
We had brought over a full length mirror, and whenever I glanced over at it to catch Cassidy’s eye, she would give me a smile. But something about it seemed forced.
I understood. I wasn’t sure what I would do if I suddenly turned invisible.
Benben and Niangao had been acting very skittish. When they weren’t sleeping, both cats spent their time glancing around as if they could sense Cassidy’s presence even though they couldn’t see her physical form.
When night fell, I blinked as I watch Cassidy’s reflection in the mirror stand up and walk over to the window.
I rose to my feet and quietly walked over to join her. I could see the two of us reflected in the glass.
This time when I offered Cassidy a smile, there was something genuine in the one she gave me in return.
…
Yuyao returned late at night looking slightly frazzled.
Yuyao "I don’t know how the mayor can do this every day. I’ve only been at the town hall for less than a day and it already feels like years."
I wrapped my arms around her in a warm hug.
Taotao "Thank you for working so hard."
Yuyao let out a sigh.
Yuyao "It’s nothing. Of course I’ll do what I can to help Cassidy out. What about you guys? Any luck on your end?"
Amalia "It seems like the quickest and safest way to remove the barrier is to have a lot of people work together to take it down."
Yuyao’s face split into a smile.
Yuyao "That should be easy, then! The people of Westwitch are known for being friendly and helpful. I’m sure they’ll help us."
Amalia "The only problem is how to convince them to help us. The mayor put the barrier up. By taking it down, they’ll be going against him. I know the mayor won’t blame us for wanting to help Cassidy, but other people might think we’re trying to cause trouble."
Yuyao frowned.
Yuyao "You have a point. How many people will we need?"
Amalia "At least fifty."
Yuyao’s expression relaxed again.
Yuyao "The two of you had me worried for a moment. Fifty is a piece of cake!"
Amalia "The sooner we can turn Cassidy back, the better."
I turned to Yuyao.
Taotao "What do you propose?””
Yuyao looked around as if she would be able to spot Cassidy in the room if she tried hard enough.
Yuyao "Cassidy, we’ll need your help. And Amalia, we’ll need to borrow your mirror."
…
The next morning, Yuyao, Amalia, Cassidy, and I were standing outside the town hall. People had just began to gather, and they murmured to each other as they looked at us in confusion.
(They’re all looking at us!)
I felt a little uncomfortable under all these eyes, but I kept my shoulders squared.
(This is how we’ll help Cassidy.)
I glanced over to Amalia to see that she seemed more fidgety than usual from all the stares.
When the crowd finally grew large enough, Yuyao stepped forward.
Yuyao "Everyone, please stay and listen. Cassidy needs your help."
The crowd began to murmur again.
Old Woman "Cassidy? The mayor’s daughter?"
Yuyao "Exactly!"
Yuyao nodded to Amalia. Amalia waved a hand, and her full length mirror appeared.
The crowd gasped as Cassidy was reflected back at them from the glass.
Old Man "She’s invisible!"
Taotao "Cassidy turned invisible while trying to resolve the barrier situation. As you all probably know, the competition is quickly approaching. If we can’t turn Cassidy back soon, she won’t be able to compete."
Old Woman "How can we help?"
Amalia "We need your help to work together to take the barrier down. The negative magic in the air is causing strange occurrences again."
The crowd looked to each other.
Old Woman "But I thought the mayor put up the barrier in the first place to keep us safe. We can’t just take it down."
Yuyao shook her head.
Yuyao "The mayor only put the barrier up because he was given a list of names for people to watch out for. Look at the list."
Yuyao waved a hand and names on the list glowed in the air above us.
Yuyao "These are all students coming to particulate in the competition. These aren’t dangerous people. Someone is trying to stop their competitors from making it to Wistera City."
The crowd murmured among themselves.
Old Man "If that’s the case, it doesn’t make sense for us not to help out. Miss Cassidy has done so much for us this past week while the mayor was out. It only makes sense for us to help her get to the competition."
Cassidy expression in the reflection of the mirror was a grateful smile as the crowd began to nod.
Old Woman "What are we waiting for? Let’s go to the edge of town and take that barrier down!"
…
We walked through the streets of Westwitch together, Amalia and an invisible Cassidy leading the way to the edge of town. The towns folk marched purposefully after us.
As we neared the barrier, the students from Skygate resting outside stood up to look at our group.
Amalia raised her hands in the air and the rest of us followed.
My hands glowed with a pale blue light as I lifted my arms. Yuyao’s own magic glowed from next to me. The towns folk had their arms raised as well, and slowly, the barrier around Westwitch began to fade.
As the barrier faded, Cassidy slowly began to reappear. I watched with wide eyes. She was see-through—barely visible to the eye at first, but she slowly began to solidify.
And then the barrier was gone.
Cassidy opened her mouth and then closed it again as she looked down at herself. Her eyes brimmed with happy tears as Yuyao and I hurried forward to throw our arms around her.
Taotao "Cassidy!"
Cassidy laughed.
Cassidy "Thank you so much, all of you."
When Yuyao and I finally let go of Cassidy, she turned to Amalia.
Cassidy "Amalia, thank you. I don’t know what I would do without you. If I hadn’t known others had gone through the same thing before, I would have thought that was the end for me. Thank you, thank you, thank you! Now that the barrier is down, we can properly welcome our guests from Skygate into Westwitch."
Then Cassidy clapped a hand to her forehead.
Cassidy "I must have a whole pile of work waiting for me."
Taotao "Take the rest of the day off. After what you went through, you deserve it."
Amalia nodded in agreement.
Amalia "How about we take Taotao and Yuyao around Westwitch?"
Cassidy grinned.
Cassidy "I can’t wait to show the two of you what Westwitch has to offer."
I exchanged an eager smile with Yuyao.
Taotao "Please do!"
…
We spent the next few hours walking about the streets of Westwitch with Cassidy and Amalia as our guides. Yuyao and I giggled as we tried on different dresses and hats. It felt wonderful being able to relax. Finally, the three of us ended up at a restaurant where Amalia treated us to a meal.
Yuyao and I shared a bowl of noodles in a cheesy sauce, and then the three of us split an apple pie for dessert.
When we finished eating, we walked around some more. The sun was beginning to set, and the farms of corn and wheat in the distance glowed gold in the fading light.
We bid Cassidy goodnight as we parted ways to return to Amalia’s house, but as we walked down the gradually emptying streets, there was something weighing on my mind.
Taotao "The person who gave the mayor the list is still at large. We stopped them this time, but will they take action again?"
Amalia frowned slightly.
Amalia "If there’s a person trying to sabotage the competition, it’s very likely that they’re going to Wisteria City. If we want to find them, there’s a very good chance they’ll be at the competition competing in it themself. But I’m afraid that by the time we do find them at the competition, it will already be too late."
Yuyao let out a heavy sigh.
Yuyao "I agree. The competition is supposed to be fair. Some of these students can’t afford to wait another year for another chance to participate."
Amalia glanced at the two of us.
Amalia "When are you planning to leave for Mythodor? Maybe it’s for the best if we travel there together. We can ask Cassidy too if she’d like to go with us."
Taotao "That’s a good idea. Safety in numbers."
…
Back at Amalia’s house, Yuyao and I took turns brushing our teeth in the bathroom before collapsing on the couch again.
Amalia "I’m sorry you’ve had to sleep on the couch all this time."
Taotao "Don’t worry about it. You’ve done so much for us and the students of Skygate, and besides, it's been like a cozy sleepover these past few nights. Right Yuyao?"
Yuyao grinned as she nodded.
Yuyao "I’m glad everything got worked out. Is everyone packed up?"
Amalia gestured to where a third suitcase had joined ours.
Yuyao giggled.
Yuyao "Look at Benben and Niangao."
I followed her gaze to where the two cats had wedged themselves between the suitcases, sleeping contently.
The following day, we would depart.
…
It didn’t take long for me to fall asleep, and I woke up the next morning to Yuyao tapping my arm.
(How long was I sleeping?)
Taotao "What time is it?"
Yuyao "It’s almost noon. You didn’t wake when my alarm went off earlier, so Amalia and I thought we’d let you sleep."
Yuyao smiled as she held out a muffin for me.
Yuyao "After you fill your stomach, we’ll set off for Mythodor."
________________
Act Four
Mythodor, where the ancient trees dwell


Cassidy still had a few things to take care of before leaving for Mythodor, so it would just be Yuyao, Amalia, and myself. The three of us had set off with lots of energy, but the journey was slowly starting to take a toll on us.
Taotao "We’ve been walking through forest for the past few hours now. How do we know when we’ve arrived in Mythodor?"
Dense forest surrounded us from all sides with no end in sight. The sky was partially obscured by a canopy of leaves and branches, and massive trunks shot up from the earth. The world smelled of fresh pine and dirt, and twigs snapped under our feet as we walked. There was something calming about being so deep in nature, but at the same time, we were so far from anything that our phones had lost service a while back.
Amalia "I went to Mythodor a couple of years ago. There’s a sign. It should be coming up soon."
Yuyao nodded along.
Yuyao "A sign. Okay, good. Like that one?"
The three of us came to a stop.
An aging wooden sign sat off to the side of the road, nearly hidden beneath the vines creeping up it.
I strained my eyes to read the carved letters.
Taotao "Welcome . . . welcome to Mythodor."
Yuyao burst into a fit of giggles as she pulled out her phone to snap a picture.
Yuyao "This sign must be ancient!"
We continued on our way past the sign, but the further we walked, the trees only seemed to thicken even more.
Eventually, we reached a small clearing with benches.
Amalia took a seat and motioned for Yuyao and I to do the same.
Amalia "Even though we’ve technically entered Mythodor, travelers like us can only find our way into the town at night."
It was already late afternoon, and Yuyao and I took a seat on one of the benches.
We hadn’t been sitting long before there was rustling among the trees.
Two people appeared in the clearing a moment later.
(Is that—?)
Yuyao and I jumped to our feet at the same time.
Taotao "Wanwan? Zhu Bei?!"
Wanwan smiled as she gave us a graceful curtsy.
Wanwan "Fancy meeting you here, Taotao, Yuyao."
Zhu Bei looked surprised, but he was smiling faintly as well.
Zhu Bei "Taotao, how have you been?"
(It feels like forever since we were all together on campus back in Skygate! And now here we are, reunited.)
Taotao "I’m so happy to see the two of you! Did everything go smoothly in Westwitch?"
Wanwan dipped her head in a nod.
Wanwan "Zhu Bei and I were able to travel through Willowhill and Westwitch without any problem."
I let out a breath of relief.
Zhu Bei "We arrived at Westwitch after the barrier was taken down. All the students at the inn we stayed at were talking about it and how it caused another strange magical occurrence. The story has spread online too. Taotao, Yuyao, the two of you helped the mayor’s daughter when she turned invisible. Our school forum is celebrating you."
I stood there, stunned by the new information.
(Celebrating us? But we were only doing what anyone would if put in the same situation.)
Zhu Bei turned to Amalia.
Zhu Bei "You were in the photos and videos too. Are you a friend of Taotao’s too?"
Yuyao "Oh! Let me do some introductions. This is our new friend we met in Westwitch, Amalia. Amalia, this is Wanwan and Zhu Bei."
After everyone got acquainted with each other, Zhu Bei looked up at the sky.
Zhu Bei "Looks like the sun will be going down soon. I’m glad we were able to meet up with you. This is perfect, actually. We can travel into Mythodor together."
…
We spent the last couple of daylight hours catching up.
Yuyao and I told Wanwan and Zhu Bei about what had happened with the barrier around Westwitch and how someone had given a list of the top hundred students to the mayor, claiming that there were dangerous individuals coming from Skygate.
Wanwan was frowning.
Wanwan "It sounds to me like someone wants to stop the Skygate students from competing."
Amalia "Someone must feel threatened by them. Maybe they think by removing the Skygate students from the pool of competitors, they’ll have a better chance."
The sun had set now, and the forest was completely bathed in darkness.
I lowered my voice to a whisper, but it still sounded loud in the otherwise silent night.
Taotao "How do we find our way into town when we can’t even see the path anymore?"
Zhu Bei gave me a smile.
Zhu Bei "Look."
I followed his gaze to the edge of the clearing where a tiny light slowly flickered to life.
My breath caught in my throat as fireflies began to glow one by one, illuminating a path through the trees.
(It’s so magical!)
I latched onto Yuyao’s arm.
Taotao "Let’s go!"
Arm in arm, Yuyao and I led the way, following the golden fireflies. Wanwan, Zhu Bei, and Amalia followed close behind as we made our way deeper into the forest.
…
Before long, the trees began to thin again, and the town came into view from behind the trees. Light glowed softly behind the windows of the wooden houses, and vines snaked up the street lamps.
As we stood there in awe, suddenly there was a flash of light from behind us.
(!!)
We whirled around to find that Zhu Bei had been hoisted into the air by glowing vines.
Zhu Bei "Let me down!"
(Zhu Bei—!)
Alarmed, I frantically looked around for the caster of the spell while Zhu Bei struggled in the air above us. He tried to move his hands to cast a spell, but the vines had bound them tightly.
Wanwan quickly stepped forward, narrowing her eyes as she waved her hands in a series of precise but graceful motions. Deep blue light flared, and a moment later, the vines were retracting.
Zhu Bei crashed to the ground, and Wanwan and I were instantly at his side.
As I knelt beside him, I continued to scan the treeline.
Taotao "Who’s there?"
Yuyao and Amalia slowly advanced toward the trees.
Yuyao "Show yourself!"
There was a rustling, and then a young woman in a simple dress stepped out from behind the trees. Her long hair tumbled down her back as she eyed us suspiciously.
Then she raised her head, squinting through the darkness to look at Zhu Bei.
Young Woman "Are you Alden Riddle?"
Zhu Bei looked surprised from where he was still sitting on the ground.
Zhu Bei "Alden who? My name is Zhu Bei."
The young woman frowned.
Young Woman "Zhu Bei . . ."
The young woman suddenly pointed a glowing finger at Zhu Bei, preparing to cast a spell.
I sprung to my feet to stand between them.
Taotao "Hey! What are you doing?"
The young woman held her nose in the air.
Young Woman "How do I know you aren’t Alden Riddle in disguise?"
Zhu Bei winced.
Zhu Bei "Miss, I think you’re mistaken. I really have no clue what you’re talking about. I’m Zhu Bei. I’m just a student from Skygate."
Yuyao stepped forward to stand next to me.
Yuyao "Exactly! I can testify—he really is Zhu Bei."
The young woman slowly lowered her hand.
Young Woman "Are you looking for Alden Riddle, then?"
Zhu Bei shakily climbed to his feet, and Wanwan helped him.
Zhu Bei "Miss, you seem like you’re the one looking for Alden Riddle."
Wanwan "Just who exactly is Alden Riddle? And who are you?"
The young woman rolled her eyes in annoyance as she blew a strand of her chestnut hair out of her face.
Young Woman "I’m Elowen Oldwood, a Mythodor local. Alden Riddle is the person trying to mess with this year’s competition."
I exchanged a glance with Yuyao.
Taotao "Does Alden Riddle have something to do with the barrier that went up around Westwitch?"
Elowen "I think so at least. But given that you’re not him, move along now. I’ve been waiting here for the past few nights now in the hopes that I can catch him."
When none of us moved, Elowen scowled.
Elowen "Well what are you waiting for? Shoo, don’t get in my way."
Before she could turn and disappear back into the trees, Amalia raised her voice.
Amalia "And what will you do if you can’t catch him? Will you keep terrorizing innocent travelers?"
Elowen paused.
Elowen "Um, well, I—Oh, for goodness’s sake, move along, move along. I think I hear other people approaching."
Yuyao let out an exasperated sigh as we turned and started on our way into the town.
Yuyao "Can you believe her? That was completely uncalled for."
Amalia nodded in agreement.
Amalia "Is it strange that I feel obliged to give the next group of travelers a heads up?"
I just sighed. My heart rate still had yet to return to normal from the sudden rush of adrenaline.
(I really hope the rest of the night remains uneventful.)
Wanwan lowered her voice as she addressed Zhu Bei.
Wanwan "Are you alright?"
Zhu Bei dipped his head.
Zhu Bei "I’m okay, just a little bruised. I don’t think any of us were expecting that."
Yuyao "Let’s find a place to spend the night. Tomorrow we can find Elowen and make her apologize to you properly."
Zhu Bei shook his head tiredly.
Zhu Bei "You don’t have to, actually. I don’t mind not seeing her again."
Yuyao "Unfortunately, I think we’re going to have to see her again if we want to get more information on Alden Riddle."
Yuyao pointed this out tiredly before suddenly perking up.
Yuyao "I think we found an inn!"
We looked up at the wooden building in front of us. Except, it didn’t take us long to be back outside on the path after learning all the rooms had been booked.
Taotao "Do we just keep wandering around until we find one that has room for us?"
Wanwan pulled out her phone to check our location.
Wanwan "Zhu Bei and I haven’t had a signal since we entered the forest. I still don’t have a signal now."
Zhu Bei "How about we find a place to eat? We can ask the staff for suggestions while we’re there."
…
Shortly, I found myself squeezed between Yuyao and Amalia. Wanwan and Zhu Bei sat across from us, looking through the menu together for the group.
Yuyao and I leaned against each other, already feeling tired now that we had stopped moving.
Amalia looked fatigued as well as she sat with her head propped up with a hand.
Amalia shook her head as if to keep herself from falling asleep.
Amalia "I—I’m normally not tired yet at this time of night. I don’t know why I’m so drowsy tonight."
Wanwan tried to hide her yawn.
Wanwan "I feel tired too."
Zhu Bei appeared to be struggling to keep his eyes open as he lowered his voice.
Zhu Bei "I’ve felt tired ever since we started following the fireflies."
My head spun as I suddenly sat straight up.
(Woah . . .)
Taotao "Hey . . . Do you think someone put a spell on us?"
Before I could say more, Zhu Bei’s eyes fluttered shut, and his head lolled to the side as he passed out against a very alarmed Wanwan.
(!!)
A moment later, Amalia followed, and I caught her before her head could hit the table.
(Zhu Bei! Amalia!)
My vision was blurring as the tiredness crashed into me.
(No—!)
Yuyao shaking me and Wanwan calling my name were the last things I remembered before I passed out.
…
My head throbbed painfully.
(. . .)
I winced as I cracked an eye open.
I was lying on a soft bed.
(An inn?)
 I slowly sat up, and the room came into view around me.
I turned to find Yuyao fast asleep on the bed next to mine.
(Just what happened last night? I remember we went to the restaurant, and then we all . . .)
I jumped to my feet to frantically shake Yuyao awake.
Taotao "Yuyao! Yuyao, wake up!"
Yuyao let out a groan as she rolled over.
Yuyao "Taotao, let me sleep a little longer."
I continued to shake her.
Taotao "You don’t remember what happened last night? Someone put a spell on us!"
Yuyao turned to look up at me. Suddenly, she sat up as well as her expression changed.
Yuyao glanced around the room but frowned when she found it was only the two of us.
Yuyao "Where’s the others?"
Taotao "I don’t know. But we need to find them."
Then I grabbed Yuyao’s arm.
Taotao "Why is it only the two of us here when we were all knocked out?"
Yuyao looked worried.
Yuyao "Wanwan, Zhu Bei, and Amalia were all names in the top hundred. Remember we were wondering if someone would try to stop us at Mythodor? What if this is it?"
I slowly sat back down on the bed in a daze.
Taotao "Have we been kidnapped too?"
Yuyao "Let’s try calling the authorities."
I pulled out my phone, but to my dismay, there was still no signal. Frustrated, I shoved my phone back into my skirt pocket.
(If we’ve been kidnapped, would the kidnapper really put us in such a nice inn? And where’s Benben and Niangao?)
I walked over to the window and opened the curtains. It was morning, and the sun shined faintly through the mist and fog. People milled around outside, and I glanced around. The town in the day looked completely different from at night, and I had no recognition of the surrounding buildings.
A soft meowing caught my attention, and I turned toward the sound.
Our suitcases were over in the corner by the door, and Benben was in the cat backpack on top of them.
I hurried over to let Benben out.
(Benben must know what happened!)
Taotao "Benben, what happened to Wanwan, Zhu Bei, and Amalia?"
Benben just stared at me blankly.
I raised my hands.
(This spell has never successfully worked for me before, but right now it’s the only thing I can think of.)
My head was still foggy as I let my pale blue magic glow and flow from my fingertips.
Taotao "Benben, please tell me everything you know."
Benben "The other three were separated from you before they put us here."
(!!)
(It worked! It actually worked!)
I spoke quickly.
Taotao "By who?"
Benben "A man."
I whirled around to look at Yuyao.
From her wide-eyed look, I could tell she was thinking the same thing as me.
Yuyao "Alden Riddle!?"
I turned back to Benben.
Taotao "Do you know where they were taken?"
Benben "No."
I let out a breath.
Taotao "Thank you, Benben."
I sighed as my magic faded. I reached out to stroke Benben’s soft fur. Then after setting out his bowl of food, Yuyao and I tried the door. It wasn’t locked and easily opened for us.
Before we left, Yuyao tried to send a message to Amalia, but found we still didn’t have any signal.
…
Yuyao and I wandered around the streets of the town but quickly realized we weren’t going to find anything useful.
Taotao "Yuyao, what do we do? Our friends just went missing."
Yuyao glanced over her shoulder.
Yuyao "We’ve got to be careful as well. That person let us leave, but who knows what will happen if we start asking for help."
I was silent for a moment. Then it hit me.
Taotao "Elowen Oldwood! She was looking for Alden Riddle!"
Yuyao "Elowen—?"
Yuyao’s expression changed as it dawned on her.
Yuyao "Oh, please no. Anyone but her."
(I feel the same way, it’s just . . .)
Taotao "I don’t think we have much of a choice."
Yuyao let out an exaggerated sigh.
Yuyao "I know, I know. But where are we even going to find her?"
Taotao "Maybe she’ll be at the entrance of the town like she was last night?"
Yuyao sighed again.
Yuyao "We might as well start there."
…
Yuyao and I spent the majority of the day worrying in our inn room and only stepped back outside when the sun was beginning to set. The two of us felt very uneasy about what had happened since reaching Mythodor
We found our way back to the entrance of the town. The fireflies glowed through the trees as we waited along the side of the path.
I exchanged a glance with Yuyao before stepping forward.
My hands clenched into fists in my skirts as I mustered my courage.
Taotao "Elowen! Show yourself!"
My voice echoed through the quiet night.
Yuyao raised her voice as well.
Yuyao "Elowen Oldwood!"
The forest remained silent.
Yuyao and I exchanged a glance before moving forward to search the trees.
Yuyao "She came from over there yesterday."
I followed Yuyao’s gaze.
My heart beat rapidly in my chest.
Taotao "If she’s there, she better have an explanation for us."
Yuyao and I leaned forward to glance around the trees, but there was no one there.
Yuyao "I can’t believe it."
We spent at least three hours waiting there.
Yuyao and I sat off to the side of the dirt path. Whenever footsteps sounded, the two of us would jump to our feet, only to disappointedly sit back down after seeing their owner’s face. While a number of travelers passed by, there was still no sign of Elowen.
(I really don’t want to keep waiting out here in the open. I’m glad Yuyao and I are together, but to be on the safe side, we shouldn’t stay out after midnight.)
Taotao "I think the only thing we can do now is ask around and see if anyone knows where we might be able to find her."
The two of us reluctantly returned to the town. The lamps glowed through the thick fog, and the stars were obscured.
(There’s a group of girls around our age. Maybe they’ll know Elowen.)
After I pointed the group out to Yuyao, we approached them together.
Yuyao "Excuse me."
The young women turned to face us.
Young Woman 1 "Do you need something?"
Taotao "We’re looking for someone. Maybe you might know her? Her name’s Elowen Oldwood."
The young women's expressions changed. They whispered between each other as they eyed us suspiciously.
Young Woman 1 "Sorry, we don’t know her."
Young Woman 2 "You should ask someone else."
Taotao "I—I see. Thank you for your time."
Yuyao kept glancing back over her shoulder as we walked away from them.
Yuyao "From their reaction, they clearly know who Elowen is! Why won’t they tell us?"
I lowered my voice.
Taotao "Let’s try that group."
This time when Yuyao asked if they knew Elowen, to our surprise, we were met with the same reaction.
Yuyao shook her head, stunned as we walked away.
Yuyao "They don’t know Elowen either?"
Taotao "Looks like we’re going to have to think of a different strategy."
Yuyao "I have nothing."
I frowned as I racked my brain.
(!!)
(What if I try what Mudan taught me with drawing charms? Good luck is exactly what we need right now.)
I turned to Yuyao.
Taotao "I have an idea! Do you have a brush and ink?"
Yuyao nodded, confused.
Yuyao "We decided that I would put our ink and brushes in my suitcase."
Taotao "Let’s hurry back to the inn—I’ll tell you on the way."
…
At the inn[t], I sat on the floor. I held a brush in one hand and flipped through the notes Mudan had left me with the other.
Yuyao "Are you sure this is going to work?"
(I don’t know for sure, but I have to try.)
I took a breath as I dipped my brush in the ink and began to follow the patterns Mudan had drawn out for me.
Yuyao peered over my shoulder to look at the small leaf that had appeared on my inner wrist.
Taotao "I—I think I did it."
Yuyao "Will this guide us to Elowen?"
I rose to my feet.
Taotao "I think I have an idea of where to start!"
We hurried outside again. The streetlamps glowed through the night as I walked briskly down the path. It was almost as if I didn’t have to think very hard about where I was going. I let my feet carry me, and eventually we found ourselves in front of a house on a quiet street.
Yuyao and I exchanged a glance.
I nodded silently and stepped forward to ring the doorbell.
The sound of chimes tinkled softly.
We didn’t have to wait long before the door opened. And there stood Elowen.
Yuyao "Elowen Oldwood!"
Elowen looked at us blankley for a moment before her eyes widened with recognition. 
I put on a smile and opened my mouth to speak, but she just gave us an annoyed look before closing the door in our faces.
(!!)
Yuyao "Hey! We need your help!"
I pressed the doorbell again.
Taotao "Elowen, our friends went missing and we think Alden Riddle might be behind it."
This time Elowen opened the door again.
Elowen "Alden Riddle?"
Taotao "You didn’t manage to catch him, did you?"
Elowen tapped her foot impatiently.
Elowen "He must have snuck past me. I’ll have to search the town tomorrow. As for your friends, I don’t think there’s anything I can do."
I quickly called out before Elowen could shut the door for a second time.
Taotao "Wait! We can help you search!"
Elowen "Thanks, but no thanks."
Elowen closed the door, and Yuyao and I were left outside, staring at the place where Elowen had been standing moments before.
Yuyao muttered under her breath.
Yuyao "Can you believe her?"
I lifted my arm to look at the inked leaf on my wrist.
(The good luck charm worked. Well, for the most part.)
Yuyao paced back and forth outside the door.
Yuyao "What’s with her attitude? I'll ring the bell again."
I caught Yuyao’s wrist as I tiredly shook my head.
Taotao "She’s made it clear that she isn’t going to help us. We came to her, but maybe we need to think of a way to get her to come to us."
Yuyao looked at me in confusion.
Yuyao "What do you mean?"
Taotao "Let’s go back to the inn. Remember the notes Faera left us? Even though I haven’t mastered the spell, they do give me an idea . . ."
…
The next day, I sat in the center of the town square with a magical guzheng glowing gently in front of me. My parents had made me take lessons until to be a well rounded individual, but I hadn’t praticed much since I started at the university. I wasn’t sure how I would sound, but I hoped my muscle memory could help me pull through.
Yuyao stood next to me, surveying the crowd that had gathered to stare at us, whispering among themselves.
(It feels strange having so many eyes on me, but this might be the only way to draw Elowen out to talk to us. And Elowen might be the only one who has an idea about where our friends were taken.)
Determined, I let my hands float over the strings. The music drifted through the foggy morning, shortly accompanied by Yuyao’s voice. We were performing a traditional folk song from Skygate.
As I played my instrument, the crowd slowly grew in size, and I scanned their faces as well for Elowen.
(Could Alden Riddle be one of the faces among the crowd as well?)
I had been sitting there playing for over an hour before Yuyao tapped my shoulder.
She had spotted Elowen.
We concluded our song, and I let my hands rest over the strings.
My instrument vanished in a flash of light, and the two of us bowed.
Yuyao made her way through the crowd in front of me, and before long, the crowd dispersed to reveal Yuyao and Elowen staring each other down.
Yuyao had her hands on her hips, and Elowen’s arms were folded over her chest.
Elowen wrinkled her nose as I approached.
Elowen "You stalked me to my house yesterday, and now you’ve dragged me here today."
I winced.
(When she puts it that way, it really does seem like Yuyao and I are the ones who did something horribly wrong.)
Taotao "I’m sorry, but we really didn’t have a choice."
Yuyao glared at Elowen.
Yuyao "With the way you were harassing travelers entering Mythodor, I’m surprised no one has gone to your house to complain yet! You should be glad it was us who showed up. Others might not be as reasonable as we are."
Elowen rolled her eyes before letting out a dramatic sigh.
Elowen "Talk. I’m here now. What do you want?"
Taotao "Our friends went missing, and we think the Alden Riddle you mentioned might be behind it. Who is Alden Riddle? Do you think you can share with us what you know about him?"
Elowen stiffened.
Elowen "Alden Riddle? Who’s that? I don’t know him."
Yuyao opened and closed her mouth as she pointed at Elowen.
Yuyao "You’re a horrible liar! You’re clearly looking for Alden Riddle! You said so yourself! Now you won’t admit it?"
Elowen’s expression was flustered as her gaze flitted rapidly between Yuyao and me.
Elowen "I’m warning you, stay away from me!"
With that, Elowen turned on her heel and swiftly walked away.
Yuyao "Hey!"
I caught Yuyao’s arm before she could give chase.
Taotao "I think we need to try a different strategy. Let’s go to the authorities. Elowen isn’t going to help us."
Yuyao continued to watch Elowen’s retreating figure.
Yuyao "She clearly knows something."
Taotao "But it’s unlikely we’ll get anything out of her if we continue the way we are. We need to look elsewhere for help."
…
After asking around, Yuyao and I eventually found our way to the authority’s office. We told them about our situation, and they promised they would do what they could to help.
Feeling a little more reassured, Yuyao and I left the office together. It was late afternoon now, and the two of us wandered through the town square as we made our way back to the inn.
We were talking softly together when a familiar figure stepped into our path.
Taotao "Elowen Oldwood?"
Yuyao grabbed my arm.
Yuyao "Ignore her. Let’s go."
We made to go around her, but Elowen blocked our path again.
Yuyao glared at her.
Yuyao "What do you want? Who was the one who warned us to stay away from her again?"
Elowen "I can tell you about Alden Riddle."
Yuyao’s brows rose so high they nearly disappeared behind her hair.
Yuyao "So now you remember?"
Elowen ignored Yuyao as she continued.
Elowen "He was a former classmate of mine. I warned as many people in town as I could about him, but no one would listen to me."
(Warned people? So then . . .)
Taotao "You’re saying he’s dangerous?"
Elowen "Oh no, he’s not dangerous. He’s just an idiot."
Taotao "..."
Yuyao’s frown had deepened.
Yuyao "Then why did you feel like you had to warn everyone about him?"
Elowen "Why shouldn’t I have?"
Elowen snapped back as she turned her nose in the air.
Yuyao just opened her mouth and closed it again as she turned to me.
I quickly tried to take over.
Taotao "Elowen, you said no one would listen to you. Why wouldn’t they listen to you?"
Elowen shuffled her feet at that.
Elowen "There was an incident a few years back. I went from being the most popular girl in school to the girl no one wants to associate with in a matter of days."
Taotao "What happened? Do you think you could tell us?"
Elowen "My mother decided to divorce and remarry. With my father gone, my grandparents were angry since they had set up her marriage years ago and decided to take their money back. Because they disassociated with us, now everyone dissociates with us. We had to sell our fancy house and now everyone mocks us. My mother and her new husband went to Wisteria City for work, and I’m left here alone finishing school."
Taotao "I’m sorry, Elowen, I—”
Elowen cut me off with a laugh as she rolled her eyes.
Elowen "I don’t need you to feel sorry for me. You should be feeling sorry for your vanished friends."
(At least now I understand more of why people were acting the way they were. But understanding alone isn’t going to help find out what happened to our friends.)
Taotao "Please, can you help us?"
Elowen paused for a moment.
Elowen "Do you have anything to give me?"
Taotao "I’m sorry?"
Elowen placed a hand on her hip.
Elowen "You want my help. What will you give me for it?"
Yuyao glared at her.
Yuyao "What’s with your attitude?"
Elowen ignored her.
Elowen "Or if you really have nothing of value, you could beg me and I’ll consider it . . ."
Yuyao turned to me. Her expression read absolutely not.
(I don’t want to beg anyone either, especially Elowen, but as it is, begging is the least of our problems right now, and we really have no choice.)
I slowly lowered my head.
Taotao "Please help us find our friends. I’m begging you."
There was a smugness in Elowen’s voice.
Elowen "Her too."
I tugged on Yuyao’s sleeve.
Yuyao reluctantly lowered her head as well.
Yuyao "We’re begging you."
Her voice was quiet.
Elowen "What was that? I couldn’t hear you."
Yuyao scowled at Elowen, but I tugged on her sleeve again.
Yuyao "We’re begging you to help us!"
Elowen clapped her hands together.
Elowen "That’s more like it. Come with me."
…
We followed Elowen through the foggy streets before arriving back at her house. She opened the door and motioned for the two of us to take a seat on one side of the dining room table.
Elowen sat across from us as she picked at her nails.
Elowen "You want to know about Alden Riddle? I’ll tell you about him. The two of us were classmates about three years ago, back when I still had the reputation of being a rich girl from a rich family. He was going to take part in the competition that year but wasn’t confident he’d pass. Since my family has money and influence, of course he came to me for help."
Yuyao and I exchanged a glance.
Taotao "Did you help him?"
Elowen let out a giggle.
Elowen "Why should I have helped a loser like him? I made him beg me too, though."
Taotao "And then what happened?"
Elowen gave me an annoyed look.
Elowen "He was stubborn, but he finally set aside his stubbornness to get on his knees and beg me."
Elowen let out another laugh.
Elowen "At that time, he really did look like a dog. Of course there wasn’t anything I could actually do to help him, and I’ll never forget what he said after I told him that."
I was sure my expression mirrored Yuyao from the way she was looking at Elowen as if she couldn’t believe the words coming out of her mouth.
Taotao "What did he say?"
Elowen "He said he’d figure out one way or another to win the competition, even if it meant getting rid of his competitors."
(!!)
I turned to Yuyao, horrified.
(Are our friends in even more trouble than we first thought?)
Yuyao’s face was pale as she addressed Elowen.
Yuyao "Then what did you do?"
Elowen shrugged as she brushed flyaway stands of her hair over her shoulder.
Elowen "I laughed at him. What could a loser like him do? I completely forgot what he said back then as well until I heard about students getting stuck outside Westwitch."
Yuyao folded her arms.
Yuyao "What made you decide to try and catch Alden Riddle?"
Yuyao then leaned over so only I could hear her next comment.
Yuyao "Something tells me she isn’t doing it out of the kindness of her heart."
The dirty look Elowen gave Yuyao was a clear indicator she had heard the comment anyway.
Elowen "If I catch him, people will treat me better. They won’t continue to treat me the way they do now."
Taotao ". . ."
Taotao "Um . . . Maybe you should have been a little nicer to your classmates to begin with."
Elowen just scoffed.
Elowen "That’s all I know. I’m going to make dinner soon. The two of you can go back to wherever you came from for the time being."
Before anyone could move, the sound of soft chimes sounded as someone rang the bell outside.
Yuyao and I blinked as we instinctively looked toward the door, but Elowen completely panicked.
(!!)
There was a clatter as she knocked her chair over in her haste to get to her feet. All the blood had drained from her face.
(That’s not a normal reaction to someone ringing the doorbell.)
Taotao "Elowen?"
The chimes sounded again.
Elowen seemed to be muttering more to herself than Yuyao and me.
Elowen "The authorities are here! But I’m innocent! I’m innocent, yes, I did nothing wrong!"
Yuyao raised her voice.
Yuyao "Elowen!"
Elowen’s head snapped over to look at her as if only just remembering the two of us were still there.
Yuyao gave her an odd look.
Yuyao "You aren’t going to answer the door?"
Elowen pointed at me. Her voice was unusually high.
Elowen "You! You go check who it is."
Surprised, I nodded.
Taotao "O-okay."
I rose from my seat and walked over to the door, glancing back over my shoulder to where Elowen still looked frightened and Yuyao looked confused.
I unlocked the door and pulled it open.
I blinked. A fox sat outside.
Fox "Is Lady Elowen home?"
I just stared blankly at the fox before I was pushed to the side by Elowen as she hurried forward.
Elowen "Mr. Edalf?"
I looked at Elowen and the fox.
Taotao "The two of you know each other?"
Elowen’s tone was impatient.
Elowen "Of course. Mr. Edalf is the Oldwood family’s butler."
Mr. Edalf "Lady Elowen, the mistress’s new life has finally stabilized. Thus, she sent me to bring you over."
Elowen rapidly shook her head.
Elowen "I’m not going. I don’t want to see my younger sisters anyway, and I’m sure they don’t want to see me."
The fox sighed.
Mr. Edalf "My lady, if the eldest daughter doesn’t return, what will people say about our family?"
Elowen stiffened.
Elowen "As if the divorce hasn’t had people saying enough already?"
Elowen crossed her arms over her chest.
Yuyao had stepped over to join us at the door.
Yuyao "I’m a little confused. Elowen mentioned that she came from a rich family, but they even have a butler?"
Mr. Edalf "The two of you must be new here. The Oldwood family is one of the three original families of old magic in Mythodor. Lady Elowen is the Oldwood family’s eldest daughter, and the rightful heir of the family’s fortune . . . except after their set back, there currently isn’t nearly as much money as before."
Elowen let out a sob as she pointed an accusing finger at the fox.
Elowen "I know why my family sent you. They want me to come back so they can marry me off!"
Mr. Edalf "My lady, you’ve misunderstood—this marriage will help the Oldwood family regain its original wealth."
Elowen’s voice was shrill.
Elowen "I won’t marry! After family’s fall, I realized a lot of things."
Mr. Edalf "The mistress has already prepared your rooms and assigned maids to serve you at our new manor in Wisteria City. The closets are full of dresses and jewelry. Come back, my lady. You won’t have to wear these crude garments anymore."
Elowen’s expression was torn as she looked down at her dress. Then she shook her head.
Elowen "We’re the Oldwood family of Mythodor. I’m not going to live in Wisteria City. My family never really cared about me. They only care about their reputation. In their eyes, I’m not a person. I’m just a pet. When my parents are in a good mood, they’ll dote on me and give me attention. Once that mood is passed, they’ll kick me aside again. I’ve realized a lot living alone, and I like it better doing what I like to do."
Mr. Edalf sighed.
Mr. Edalf "Please give it more consideration."
Elowen just gestured for the fox to leave. Then she turned to Yuyao and me.
Elowen "The two of you should leave too. I’m done today."
I quickly looked to Elowen before she could kick us out.
Taotao "So are we working together now?"
Elowen's expression was unreadable for a moment.
Elowen "I guess so. Come find me tomorrow. Now leave."
…
On the walk back to the inn, Yuyao made her thoughts about Elowen very clear.
Yuyao "She must have been spoiled since she was a child! She’s rude and has no manners. No wonder everyone avoids her."
I let out a sigh.
Taotao "I think her upbringing also played a part in how she turned out. She’s still bitter about it and takes it out on others. You’re right, though. Maybe if she had been nicer to her classmates, none of this would have happened."
Yuyao sighed as well.
Yuyao "And now we’re stuck with her."
I turned to Yuyao.
Taotao "I know you can’t stand her, but we need to work together. I feel a little sorry for her, actually . . ."
Yuyao blinked at me before letting out a disbelieving laugh.
Yuyao "You feel sorry for her? After the way she treated us you still can feel bad for her? I feel sorry for us getting stuck with her."
I elbowed Yuyao halfheartedly in response.
Taotao "Arguing isn’t going to get us anywhere. Let’s find our friends and then we won’t have to see Elowen again."
Yuyao let out a dramatic sigh.
Then she frowned.
Yuyao "There is something I find odd. I can tell you’ve realized it too. Why did Elowen get so worried that it was the authorities at the door? When she started saying how she was innocent, to me, that sounds like the opposite of what an innocent person would say."
Taotao "I don’t want to jump to conclusions and blame her for something she didn’t have a part in, but I found that a little suspicious too. Maybe when we see her again tomorrow, we’ll be able to get some answers."
…
The following day, we returned to Elowen’s house. This time when I rang the bell, the door magically swung open for us.
Yuyao and I exchanged a glance before we stepped inside.
Dark smoke was drifting from the side of the room and we turned to find Elowen stirring a bubbling cauldron.
Elowen "Why did you guys only just get here? You made me wait."
Yuyao "You never specified what time—”
I pulled on Yuyao’s sleeve as I cut her off.
Taotao "We’re sorry we’re late. We’re here now."
I took a few steps closer to look into the cauldron.
Taotao "What are you making?"
Elowen "You don’t even know what this is? We want to find Alden Riddle. Do you have anything that belongs to one of your friends? The potion is just missing its last ingredient."
(I don’t think I have anything from them on me . . .)
Yuyao stepped forward.
Yuyao "Wanwan dropped a brush that day when we met up with her and Zhu Bei. I was going to return it, but then I got distracted by everything that happened next. I almost forgot I still had it on me."
Yuyao reluctantly held the brush out to Elowen.
Elowen snatched the brush from her and held it up to inspect it.
Elowen "This will do."
Elowen dropped the brush into the cauldron.
The moment the brush touched the potion, the liquid began to bubble and glow. A few moments later, the dark liquid fizzled and turned a deep blue in color.
(Wanwan . . .)
Elowen waved a hand and the fire beneath the cauldron vanished.
Next, she reached for a glass bottle next and ladled the potion into it.
Elowen "Now we can find your friend. The potion will glow when we hold it in her direction."
Elowen held the bottle out to me, and I took it from her.
I lifted the bottle and slowly swiveled on the spot. The potion pulsed softly and then began to glow.
A smile crossed my face.
Taotao "This way."
I lead the way down the street, following the glow of the potion.
I wasn’t sure how many hours we’d been walking, but eventually Elowen held out an arm, signaling us to stop.
Elowen "We can’t go any farther."
Yuyao "Why not?"
Elowen let out an annoyed laugh.
Elowen "This is the edge of the town. Can’t you see that everything from here on is forest?"
(No wonder the buildings have been getting more and more sparse. But—)
Taotao "That path between the trees . . . That’s the path we need to follow."
Elowen "That’s the path out of Mythodor. That’s the way to Wisteria City."
My heart sank. It seemed like Wanwan and the others had already left Mythodor.
Taotao "Yuyao, let’s go back to the inn. Tomorrow morning we’ll set off."
Yuyao nodded, and I could see the determination in her eyes.
I began walking back, but Elowen called after us.
Elowen "Hey! What about me?"
Yuyao slowly turned back around to give her a forced smile.
Yuyao "What about you?"
Elowen’s tone was defensive.
Elowen "You’re coming with me, remember? We’re working together, remember? You’ll go find your friends, and I’ll find Alden Riddle."
Taotao "Yes, yes, of course."
Elowen looked relieved.
Elowen "Then it’s settled. We’ll set off tomorrow."
Yuyao and I stared after her as she marched off ahead of us.
Yuyao gave me a look.
Yuyao "Are we supposed to be her new lackeys? She shouldn’t expect us to do all the dirty work for her."
I just sighed.
Taotao "On the positive side, there’s safety in numbers. For now, let’s head back and get some rest."
…
The following day, we were back at the edge of town, this time with our suitcases in hand. Elowen had her own suitcase as well, and the three of us walked one by one down the narrow path.
When we had first met with Elowen outside her house, she had insisted that one of us carry her suitcase for her. It was only when I agreed to let her carry Benben in the cat backpack that she let us off. Yuyao had refused to hand Niangao over to her.
The farther we traveled, the more the temperature began to drop. The forest gave way to high cliffs, and in the distance, spindly red flowers bloomed among the snow. I didn’t have to be close to know their growth was aided by magic.
When we reached a fork in the road, I held the potion up again. When I held it in the direction of the main path, it pulsed weakly, but when I moved it in the direction of the side path, it glowed brightly.
Elowen "Seems like they’re not in Wisteria City after all."
Yuyao gestured to the side path.
Yuyao "Where does this path lead?"
Elowen giggled as if no one had ever asked her a sillier question.
Elowen "Hellridge, obviously. Why do you think it got so cold and snowy all of a sudden?"
________________
Act Five
Hellridge, where the lilies are one with the frost


(So this is Hellridge!)
Taotao "I knew Hellridge was on the way to Wisteria City, but I didn’t think we’d actually take a detour into it."
Elowen "Well, you have no choice but to now."
Elowen marched ahead, and I exchanged a glance with Yuyao before following her down the side path.
Frost crunched under our feet. The world around us was white, and snow and icicles clung to barren branches. Luckily we had our magic to keep us warm.
As we walked past a frozen river, Yuyao grabbed my arm.
Yuyao "Look at those flowers!"
I followed her gaze to where vibrant red flowers bloomed on the riverbank. Their spindly petals were crusted in frost that caught the sunlight like crystals.
(It’s beautiful here.)
Elowen "It’s freezing here. Why couldn't Alden Riddle have taken them straight to Wisteria City instead?"
Yuyao "You and Alden Riddle were classmates. Is he not a Mythodor local?"
Elowen frowned.
Elowen "He’s from Hellridge."
Yuyao "Then doesn’t it make sense for him to bring them back to his hometown? He knows this territory better than anyone."
Elowen rolled her eyes as she flicked a strand of hair out of her face.
Elowen "I don’t need you to tell me the obvious."
We continued on our way, crossing the river on a wooden bridge. Our footsteps left tracks in the snow.
(I remember hearing that despite its intimidating name, Hellridge is said to be a lovely place. While Skygate is known for their pale orchids, Hellridge is known for its spider lily flowers.)
We eventually arrived at a town of stone and wooden buildings. Snow dusted the tiled roofs and frost laced the trees.
I held up the potion again, and it glowed even brighter than before.
(They’re here somewhere.)
But as we continued to stand there, the potion began to pulse.
(!!)
Taotao "Elowen, what does this mean?"
Elowen "It means your friend is very close."
? "Taotao? Yuyao?"
At the sound of the voice, the three of us spun around to find a young woman in an elegant blue dress walking toward us.
Yuyao "Wanwan!"
Wanwan smiled at us.
Wanwan "I’m so glad the two of you are alright."
Then she paused as she looked to Elowen.
Wanwan "I remember you. Aren’t you the one who stopped us in the forest?"
Elowen just turned her nose in the air.
(I’m so glad Wanwan’s safe!)
Taotao "We teamed up with Elowen to try and find you and the others. She suspects Alden Riddle is behind it."
Wanwan frowned faintly.
Wanwan "I also had such suspicions. From my own inquiries in Mythodor, I found that Alden Riddle is a Hellridge resident. It’s been a day already since I arrived in Hellridge. I’ve asked around too, but it’s odd. No one knows who Alden Riddle is."
Elowen let out a giggle, and we all turned to her in surprise.
Elowen "That’s because Alden Riddle isn’t is real name, obviously. That’s the name he used when he was taking classes in Mythodor."
Yuyao gave her a look that promised violence.
Yuyao "What’s his real name, then?"
Elowen "Yan Anran."
Yuyao "And why didn’t you mention that sooner?"
Elowen "You never asked."
Before Yuyao could reply, I stepped between them.
Taotao "Stop it, both of you. We need to work together to find the rest our friends. Arguing like this won’t help us."
I turned back to address Wanwan.
Taotao "You managed to get away. I’m really happy to see that you’re alright, but why didn’t you come find Yuyao and me? What made you decide to go straight to Hellridge?"
Wanwan let out a soft sigh.
Wanwan "Once I realized someone had used magic on us in the restaurant, I knew I had to hide. I managed to get away on my own, but by the time I went back to the restaurant to look for the rest of you, all of you had vanished. I knew I couldn’t stick around Mythodor for long, so I inquired about Alden Riddle then made the decision to set off to Hellridge to investigate him further."
Wanwan’s gaze softened.
Wanwan "You must have been worried. I’m fine, and I’m sure Zhu Bei and Amalia will be fine too. Now that we’re all here in Hellridge, we can look for them together. But first, you must be tired from your journey. Come with me."
I exchanged a glance with Yuyao before we followed Wanwan down the street.
Yuyao "Where are we going?"
Wanwan "I don’t think I’ve mentioned it to you before, but half my family comes from Hellridge. My grandmother’s house is here, and I’ve been staying with her since I arrived."
…
Before long, we arrived at Wanwan’s grandmother’s house and the elderly woman welcomed us warmly.
While we rested, Wanwan went out to ask around about Alden Riddle again, this time using his real name. By night she had answers, and the following day, we were off.
…
Yuyao, Elowen, and I walked in silence. I had convinced Wanwan to stay behind at her grandmother’s house. Alden Riddle was still looking for her, after all. And this way, if anything happened to us, Wanwan would be able to bring help.
Finally, we arrived in front of a small house located near the edge of town.
I nodded to Yuyao, and she stepped up to knock on the door.
Right after Yuyao knocked, she let out a surprised sound as Elowen pushed past her to stand in front of the door.
Yuyao glared at her and made a threatening fist behind her back.
I just shot Yuyao a tired look.
The door opened to reveal a young man. He eyed us suspiciously, but the moment his gaze fell on Elowen, he quickly slammed the door shut.
(!!)
Elowen "Hey! What’s with your attitude?"
Elowen banged on the door with her fist.
Elowen "Alden Riddle! Open the door right now!"
Yuyao rolled her eyes in annoyance.
I stepped forward and gently directed Elowen away from the door.
I knocked on the wood a few times.
Taotao "Anran, do you have our friends with you? A young man from Skygate and a woman from Westwitch."
When there was no movement, I knocked on the door again.
And this time it opened.
Alden Riddle looked at the three of us in amusement.
Anran "If you don’t leave, I have every right to call the town authorities on you."
Elowen pointed her finger at him accusingly.
Elowen "You’re kidnapping people and trying to sabotage the competition! We have every right to call the authorities on you. Don’t think you can get away with this!"
Anran "Elowen, you should be glad I haven’t called the authorities on you already. Is that not enough for you to stay away from me? Have you had enough yet? You bullied and humiliated me in the past. Now you’re even accusing me of kidnapping. You should be glad I’m not trying to curse you here and now."
Elowen burst into giggles.
Elowen "Curse me? It’s three against one."
Yuyao "Who said we’re going to help you curse people?"
Alden Riddle was still looking at us suspiciously.
Anran "So you’re not Elowen’s lackeys?"
Taotao "We[u] just want our friends back."
Anran "Well, they’re not here. I’m warning you, you better leave within the next five minutes or else I’m calling the authorities."
With that, he shut the door in our faces.
(I was almost convinced by him, but he’s lying. He has to be. Zhu Bei and Amalia have to be here. Because if they aren’t, where else could they be?)
I let out a frustrated sigh.
Taotao "Let’s go."
Yuyao "Go?"
Taotao "Now that we know where they are, we need to think of how to get them out. Let’s go back to Wanwan’s grandmother’s place. I’m afraid Anran isn’t bluffing about calling the authorities."
…
Once we got back to the house, the moment we separated from Elowen, Yuyao turned to me.
Yuyao "As long as Elowen is around, I don’t know if we’ll be able to approach Alden Riddle."
Taotao "I was thinking that too."
I set my luggage down and opened the cat backpack. After feeding Benben, I crouch down on the floor, deep in thought.
Yuyao dropped down across from me with Niangao cradled in her arms.
Yuyao "What are you thinking?"
Taotao "I’m thinking that before we can make any progress, Elowen needs to apologize to him."
Yuyao "Taotao, he kidnapped our friends. Even if Elowen was wrong to bully him, what he’s doing now isn’t right either."
Taotao "Only with an apology will we have a chance to be let in."
The two of us glanced up as Wanwan emerged from one of the rooms.
Wanwan "She’s right."
Yuyao furrowed her brow.
Yuyao "Do you think Elowen will apologize?"
Taotao "I know she doesn’t feel bad about what she did. I don’t know how to make her understand her wrongdoings either. But I don’t know how else we’re going to help our friends."
Yuyao drummed her fingers on the sides of her face.
Yuyao "If only the others were here with us . . ."
Suddenly, she looked at me as she pulled out her phone.
Yuyao "Taotao, we have signal! When in doubt, call for backup!"
Taotao "You’re right! Quick, let’s see where Mudan, Faera, and Cassidy are."
Yuyao "I’ll message Cassidy, you message the two from Willowhill."
I nodded as I pulled out my own phone.
I got Faera’s response within minutes.
Taotao "Mudan and Faera just arrived in Mythodor."
Wanwan frowned.
Wanwan "Something’s off. How come they have signal and we didn’t?"
Yuyao’s eyes widened.
Yuyao "No . . . Could it have been Elowen?"
This time I gave Yuyao a look.
Taotao "If it was Elowen, we still wouldn’t have signal even now. I think it’s more likely that Alden Riddle did something while we were in Mythodor."
Yuyao folded her arms over her chest.
Yuyao "That could be it too, but I don’t think Elowen is innocent either."
I gave Yuyao a pointed look.
Taotao "Her being unlikable doesn’t have anything to do with if she’s involved in trying to sabotage the competition."
Yuyao "I know, I know. It’s just a feeling."
…
After a while of discussing what we should do next, I left the room to buy something to eat. We had drawn a blank, and my head was overwhelmed with whirling thoughts.
I had just started off down the street when I found myself face to face with Elowen.
Elowen "Thank you for defending me back there. But how am I unlikeable?"
Taotao "You were listening in on our conversation?"
Elowen "Maybe."
I was quiet for a moment.
Taotao "So would you consider apologizing to Alden Riddle, then?"
Elowen let out a laugh.
Elowen "Apologize? To him? Why should I?"
I folded my arms over my chest.
Taotao "Alden Riddle said he was bullied and humiliated by you. Just what exactly did you do to him?"
Elowen looked as if she was fighting an inner battle whether to tell me or not.
Elowen "He came to me first. He wanted to be my friend, but I won’t just be friends with anyone, you see. I didn’t pay him any attention. Later, he kept showing up wherever I was. I didn’t like that and had my friends drive him away. One day I was in a bad mood and he happened to showed up."
Taotao "What happened?"
Elowen shuffled her feet.
Elowen "I might have pushed him off a balcony."
I stared at her.
Taotao "You what?"
Elowen crossed her arms defensively.
Elowen "I pushed him off a balcony, okay? It wasn’t on purpose, though, and I immediately regretted it. I hurried over to him to try and help, but my magic only made it worse. I was only trying to help, but he thought I was taunting him!"
Taotao "Then what?"
Elowen "Then I wanted to find a time to properly apologize to him. But every time I saw him, I found I couldn’t say it. I—I think I was embarrassed to admit I was wrong. I could only call him names. I’ve always felt bad about it."
I was silent for a moment as I processed her words.
Taotao "There’s one thing I don’t understand. If you’ve always felt bad about it, what happened when he came to you for your help and you made him beg for it?"
Elowen let out a long sigh.
Elowen "Your friend was right when she said she had a feeling something was off about me. Because she’s right—that never happened."
(!!)
(If that was a lie, then what is the truth?)
Elowen "Alden Riddle actually came to visit me in Mythodor a few weeks ago. He said that he had a way to win the competition. I was intrigued since it would be a way to boost my reputation too. I also still felt guilty about the balcony incident. Together we thought of ways to prevent students from reaching the competition. In Mythodor, I agreed when he asked me to become a beacon for blocking cell signals. He told me he knew a way to trick the mayor of Westwitch into keeping students from entering the town. I came up with an idea of my own too and hurried to Willowhill to enchant the flowers. I thought that if they could put the travelers to sleep, wouldn’t that be a perfect way to stall them? But when Alden Riddle found out what I did, he was in shock. He said by doing that, if the people weren’t found, they could die. I panicked. We both were pankicked. It wasn’t our intention to hurt people. After that we went our separate ways. I didn’t know his new plan to win the competition was kidnapping the competitors. I’ve felt guilty ever since I enchanted the flowers and I decided to try and catch him."
I stared at her for a moment.
(Elowen was behind the magical flowers in Willowhill? At least one mystery has been solved. No wonder she was worried the authorities were looking for her. And from the way she talked about Alden Riddle, I think our friends aren’t in any mortal peril. But on the topic of Alden Ridle . . .)
Taotao "He’s strong enough to stop all the cell signals?"
Elowen "That’s what’s odd. He was never outstanding in school or in his magic. I don’t know how he suddenly had the power to cast a spell over all of Mythodor."
(!!)
(This isn’t good! Could he be taking the magic from the people he kidnapped?)
I quickly turned and hurried back into the house.
Yuyao’s expression turned worried at the look on my face.
Taotao "We need to get to Zhu Bei and the others now! Alden Riddle is stealing their magic!"
Yuyao grabbed my arm before I could run off.
Yuyao "Wait! If he really is doing what you’re saying he is, you can’t go there! He’s too powerful for you. He’s still too powerful for the four of us combined."
(Yuyao’s right.)
I paced back and forth.
Taotao "In that case, we’ll wait for Mudan and Faera."
Yuyao "Cassidy said she’s on her way as well. All of them should be here by tomorrow."
…
Yuyao, Wanwan, and I stayed at the house for most of the day, only going out for a short period of time to buy dinner.
The following day, we were greeted by Mudan and Faera.
Taotao "I’m so glad the two of you are here!"
Faera gave Yuyao and me a dreamy smile.
Faera "It’s lovely to see you too."
Mudan, on the other hand, looked worried.
Mudan "Just what’s going on? Are you alright?"
When I caught the two of them eyeing Wanwan and Elowen, I stepped forward to introduce them.
Taotao "Faera, Mudan, this is Wanwan and Elowen."
Taotao "Yuyao and I are fine, but our other friends who were traveling with us vanished in Mythodor. They were kidnapped by someone here in Hellridge—Alden Riddle. Have you heard of him?"
Mudan and Faera exchanged a glance.
Faera "Alden Riddle? I’ve never heard of an Alden Riddle."
Taotao "He was the one who convinced the mayor of Westwitch to put a barrier up and then blocked all the cell signal in Mythodor. I’m afraid he’s powerful and won’t be easy to deal with."
I glanced over at Elowen.
(I’ll let her tell Mudan and Faera about the magical flowers in Willowhill when she’s ready.)
Mudan "Faera and I are here now. We’ll figure this out together."
Faera clapped her hands together.
Faera "Lovely. Now that we’re all acquainted, let’s figure out how to get your friends back."
Taotao "There’s only a week left until the competition. We need to hurry."
Elowen stepped forward.
Elowen "Alden Riddle knows me. Maybe I can try to distract him while you look for your friends."
Yuyao stared at Elowen.
Yuyao "Has someone put a spell on you?"
Elowen let out a laugh of annoyance.
Elowen "Ridiculous. You want to save your friends, and I want to stop Alden Riddle. This is the only thing we’ve come up with so far and we might as well give it a shot."
…
This time the six of us walked down to Alden Riddle’s house together.
There, we split into groups. I would accompany Elowen while Mudan, Faera, and Wanwan would try and find an opportunity to sneak inside. Yuyao would wait a short distance away and watch how everything played out. If things escalated, she would either call the authorities or return to the inn to wait for Cassidy to arrive.
This time, Elowen took a deep breath before knocking on the door.
Alden Riddle appeared in front of us as it opened.
Anran "Elowen, not you again."
Elowen "Wait!"
Elowen called out before Alden Riddle could shut the door in her face.
Elowen "I’m here to apologize."
This time Alden Riddle paused before letting out a disbelieving laugh.
Elowen frowned at his reaction.
Elowen "I’m serious!"
Alden Riddle raised his brows.
Anran "Let’s hear it, then."
Elowen took another breath.
Elowen "I’m sorry."
Alden Riddle looked at her, nonplused.
Anran "That’s it?"
He made to close the door again, but Elowen called out for a second time.
Elowen "Wait!"
Alden Riddle folded his arms over his chest as he waited for her to go on.
Elowen "I mean it. I’m sorry. I really didn’t mean to push you that day. And I really just wanted to help after you fell. I always was searching for a time to apologize, but my pride wouldn’t let me. That’s my fault. I should have apologized sooner."
Alden Riddle just let out a laugh as if he didn’t know what to make of Elowen’s statement.
Anran "Has someone put a spell on you or something?"
Elowen blinked, taken aback.
Elowen "What? No! I’m here now apologizing to you. It’s not my fault if you’re not appreciating my good intentions."
Anran "Is that why you agreed so quickly to help me block the signal in Mythodor? Because you were feeling guilty?"
Elowen "I did. But I feel even more guilty about helping you sabotage the competition."
Anran "Elowen, I never asked you to curse the flowers in Willowhill. Why did you think that was okay?"
Elowen glowered.
Elowen "And why do you think it’s okay to kidnap people? That isn’t right either."
Anran "So now you know right from wrong? And is that why you’re having your friends break into my house?"
My pulse quickened. Elowen seemed to freeze up as well.
Alden Riddle spoke calmly.
Anran "They’re trying to climb in through the window. Since you want to reunite with your friends so badly, I’ll allow it."
I didn’t have time to cry out before red magic swirled around Elowen and me. The street outside Alden Riddle’s house vanished, and then the red light faded.
I was standing alone in a large room. Sunlight spilled in through the windows, and I lifted a hand as I squinted against the brightness.
(Where am I? And where is Elowen?)
I looked around but there was no one with me. The floors were made out of wood, and pillars supported the roof. Between them sat tables and chairs, and the sound of a teapot whistled softly in the distance.
(This can’t be Alden Riddle’s house—this one room could fit at least three of them in it!)
Taotao "Elowen?"
My voice just echoed off the walls.
I slowly turned on the spot only to find that there was no door in sight.
The tea pot continued to whistle, and I cautiously made my way toward the sound.
A table came into view and I stared, wide eyed. Wanwan, Zhu Bei, and Amalia were sitting around the table, and they looked up as I approached.
Taotao "Amalia? Zhu Bei? Wanwan?"
Wanwan "Taotao? He got you too?"
Taotao "Wanwan? What is this place? Where are we?"
Wanwan poured me a cup of tea and gestured for me to join the three of them at the table.
Wanwan "I just found the two of them here."
I sat down and took the steaming cup from Wanwan, too stunned to speak.
Zhu Bei "I thought you and Yuyao would be safe since you’re not on the list, but you still ended up getting captured by Alden Riddle."
I looked around the large room again.
Taotao "So this is where he locked you up . . ."
Amalia "This is a room he built with magic. It exists in his imagination. I read about this kind of magic before. Even if people searched for us, they wouldn’t be able to find us. He’s taking our magic from us as well. None of us have the strength to resist anymore."
My heart sank.
Taotao "How many people are here?"
Amalia "Around thirty."
Taotao "Yuyao is still outside—she’ll find a way to get us out of here."
Then I looked around again.
Taotao "Another girl got transported in here with me. I don’t see her, though. I don’t see the other thirty either."
Zhu Bei "We explored when we were first trapped here. This place seems to go on forever."
Just then, there was the sound of a commotion.
I rose to my feet and my companions followed.
We walked a short distance to find a young woman with long brown hair pounding on one of the windows. A woman with short black hair and a woman with long blonde hair stood nearby as they looked on.
Taotao "Mudan, Faera, Elowen!"
The three of them turned at the sound of their names.
I let out a breath.
(Good, Yuyao isn’t here.)
Elowen slumped to the ground when her efforts were in vain.
Elowen "I apologized to him, I sincerely apologized to him, and he locked us up!"
I crouched down next to her.
Taotao "I’m really sorry, Elowen. Maybe I was too hasty thinking this could work."
Elowen sniffled.
Elowen "This isn’t your fault. This is his fault, that loser. If he hadn’t come to me asking if I could take part in his scheme, Willowhill wouldn’t have those disappearances either. I messed up, and I feel horrible about it."
Mudan raised a brow.
Mudan "Are you sure you were sincere? I’m starting to have my doubts."
Elowen crossed her arms.
Elowen "Would it have made a difference?"
Faera crouched down on the other side of Elowen.
Faera "If you’re not sincere, you’re speaking empty words. You want to mean it with your heart."
Elowen let out a scoff, but it was half hearted.
Elowen "What do you mean to mean it with my heart?"
Faera "Be honest. Be sincere. Mudan and I were put under the spell of the flowers. Will you apologize to us?"
Elowen rose to her feet before bowing her head to Mudan and Faera.
Elowen "I’m sorry. I’m really sorry."
Mudan and Faera exchanged a glance.
Faera smiled.
Faera "It’s over and in the past now. That wasn’t that hard, was it? You should have apologized like this to Alden Riddle."
Elowen’s shoulders slumped.
Elowen "It’s too late now. We’re all stuck in this awful place. Alden Riddle was playing dirty. Even if my apology was sincere, would he even listen to reason?"
Suddenly, there was a flash of red magic, and all of us turned away from the brightness.
Anran "Would I listen to reason? Elowen, how about you tell me. Were you ever one to listen to reason? Your actions have always lacked reason. You’ve been spoiled since you were a child—completely detached from reality."
Elowen "Even if that’s true, I still know that sabotaging the competition isn’t right. Kidnapping people isn’t right. I regret trying to help you. I just want to make things right."
Alden Riddle gave Elowen an amused look.
Anran "Not everyone can have their parents buy their way to the top for them."
Elowen flinched as a flash of Alden Riddle’s magic slammed into the wall inches away from her head.
Alden Riddle held his glowing hands in the air in front of him.
Anran "Look at me, Elowen. I’m powerful now. I’m powerful enough to win the competition. This sort of power is something I always envied you for."
I took a step forward.
Taotao "But at what cost?"
Alden Riddle didn’t take his gaze off Elowen as he held out a hand in my direction.
(!!)
Red light surrounded me as my feet left the ground. I struggled in midair, but Alden Riddle’s magic was too strong.
Amalia "Taotao!"
Another flash of red light sparked, and then the rest of my friends were floating alongside me.
Elowen was the only one remaining on the ground as she faced Alden Riddle.
Elowen "This is selfish of you, you know! Cheating the competition ruins it for everyone else competing. Why do you want to win so badly that you have to resort to this?"
Alden Riddle narrowed his eyes.
Anran "Elowen, back then, with one word from you, you turned everyone against me. I wasn’t a brilliant student. From the start, I had no chance at the competition. Not everyone can buy their way through school. I worked hard, but my best was never good enough. I would have never approached you if my grandfather hadn’t told me I had to find a way to get into the competition at all costs."
Elowen shook her head.
Elowen "But what you’re doing now is cheating."
Alden Riddle looked as if he was starting to have difficulty keeping his cool.
Anran "What other method can a loser like me resort to? You tell me, Elowen!"
Elowen just stared at him before bursting into tears.
Elowen "I didn’t mean it. I was horrible to you. I know, and I’m sorry. My parents were going through a divorce at the time and I was always in a foul mood. My home life was far from ideal and I—I think it messed with me. I was immature and took it out on you even when all I wanted to do was apologize for breaking your arm."
Alden Riddle looked as if he wasn’t sure what to make of Elowen’s statement.
Anran "As the eldest daughter of the Oldwood family, you had everything. I don’t understand. What kind of home life could justify the way you acted?"
Elowen sniffled as she tried and failed to stop her tears from flowing.
Elowen "I’m not trying to justify my actions. I was horrible, I know. Laugh at me if you want. I’ll tell you everything. My parents . . . well, as their eldest daughter, I was always dragged around to be paraded about. I never had time to study. I never had time to do what I liked. In fact, no one has ever asked me even once what I, Elowen Oldwood, like. They’ve never asked me if I was willing before they decided my future for me. When our family fell, I remained in Mythodor to finish my schooling. I thought I would be separated from them for good. Never once did they ask me how I was doing, but just a few days ago, they suddenly send our butler to bring me back so I can be married off! I won’t marry! All I ever wanted was for them to treat me like a person."
Elowen wiped her tears away with the back of her hand.
Elowen "I’m sorry, Alden. You’re not a loser. The real loser was me. I’ve always just been so angry and alone. I’m trying to work on changing for the better. I know how it feels to be turned against by everyone. I’m sorry."
Elowen bowed her head, and I held my breath as Alden Riddle stared at her in surprise.
Elowen finally straightened and wiped at her face again.
Elowen "Anran, if someone like me can make amends, you can too. It’s not too late."
Elowen’s expression was determined and genuine. She almost looked like a completely different person.
I was so surprised, it took me a moment to realize my feet were back on the ground.
Alden Riddle let out a weak laugh as he looked up at the ceiling.
Anran "All I’ve wanted all these years was an apology."
Elowen "I know a person like me doesn’t deserve it, but if you still want to be friends, I’d like to be your friend."
Alden Riddle lifted a hand and red magic swirled around all of us again.
(!!)
I instinctively tensed up, but nothing happened.
Amalia "I—my magic is back!"
Zhu Bei "You’re returning our magic just like that?"
Alden Riddle turned to face us.
Anran "What I’m doing is wrong. Actually, I’ve known it all along. I just wanted to win so I could prove to myself and to everyone that I wasn’t a loser. But it doesn’t matter anymore. Elowen was awful to me, yes, but I don’t know why it didn’t occur to me that she had her own troubles as well."
There was another flash of red magic and the world around us wavered. When the magic faded, me and thirty other students were standing on the street outside Alden Riddle’s house.
Anran "All of you should go. If you hurry, you should be able to make it to Wisteria City in time."
There was silence for a moment before someone called out from the crowd.
Young Woman "Hey! He’s the one who captured us and stole our magic!"
Young Man "Don’t think you’ll get away easily after this!"
I looked on as the crowd pointed accusingly at Alden Riddle.
Alden Riddle just lowered his head and bowed to them.
Anran "I’m sorry, everyone. I was confused and selfish. I’ve already given your magic back."
Young Woman "We were locked up here for a week! How are you going to compensate us?"
Young Man "What compensation? I say we punish him for locking us up!"
I was about to say something, but Elowen beat me to it.
Elowen "Wait!"
Elowen hurried over to stand next to Alden Riddle.
Elowen "Alden Riddle isn’t entirely to blame. I was the one who caused him to do all of this. I’m sorry."
Elowen’s long hair fell in a curtain around her as she bowed as well.
Young Man "Then I say we punish both of you!"
This time I stepped up.
Taotao "I know you’re upset, but please don’t do anything you’ll regret. Elowen isn’t a bad person. Alden Riddle isn’t a bad person either."
Zhu Bei joined me at the front of the crowd.
Zhu Bei "She’s right. Even though we were locked away, we weren’t treated badly. If Alden Riddle was really a bad person, he could have taken our lives alongside with our magic."
Wanwan stepped up as well.
Wanwan "The people who have been trapped here the longest have been here for a week. What do you think would be a good way for him to atone for it?"
Amalia "I say Alden Riddle gives them each enough money to last a week of expenses. It won’t be cheap on him, and this way all of you can be compensated for your lost time. How does that sound?"
The crowd murmured among themselves before people dipped their heads in agreement.
I turned to Alden Riddle.
Taotao "Do you agree?"
Alden Riddle nodded as well.
Anran "I agree."
…
After Alden Riddle transferred the money to everyone, I spotted two familiar faces hurrying toward us from up the street.
(!!)
In a matter of seconds, I was standing face to face with Yuyao and Cassidy. Their expressions mirrored my own as they gawked, wide eyed.
Yuyao "Taotao?"
Taotao "Yuyao? Cassidy? What are the two of you doing here?"
Cassidy finally got over her surprise.
Cassidy "We—we came to save you. My father’s on the way too, but it looks like you don’t need saving anymore."
I gave the two of them a smile.
Taotao "I think everything has been resolved here."
Yuyao let out a breath of relief as she gave me an approving thumbs up.
Yuyao "I knew you could do it."
I giggled as I wrapped my arms around Yuyao in a hug.
Taotao "You’ll never believe it, Elowen came through in the end. We have her to thank."
Yuyao paused.
Yuyao "Elowen? You’re not joking?"
I smiled.
Taotao "Alden Riddle isn’t that bad of a person either. It turns out he and Elowen have a deeper history together."
Yuyao glanced around at the crowd still gathered in fron of Alden Riddle’s house.
Yuyao "I’m so glad everyone’s okay. Cassidy and I were really worried."
Amalia walked over to join us.
Cassidy’s face split into a grin.
Cassidy "Amalia!"
Amalia smiled faintly.
Amalia "I’m glad you made it."
Cassidy "And I’m glad you’re safe and sound."
I latched onto Yuyao’s arm.
Taotao "Let’s head back to Wanwan’s grandmother’s place. I think our work here is done."
…
I sat next to Yuyao as we sat on the floor, intently playing a game of mahjong.
The two of us played as a team against Wanwan and Zhu Bei, Mudan and Faera, and Cassidy and Amalia.
Cassidy’s brow was furrowed the entire time.
Cassidy "I don’t understand it at all."
Amalia was smiling as she reached for a tile.
Amalia "Lucky for you, you have me. I’ve played it before with the Skygate students at our university."
There was a wide smile on Mudan’s face as she and Faera turned over their row of tiles.
Yuyao let out a groan.
Yuyao "Taotao, we lost to them again!"
Taotao "I thought Wanwan and Zhu Bei would crush all of us for sure. I never thought Mudan would be an expert."
Mudan waved us off.
Mudan "I learned from my mother. She’s the real expert."
Faera reached over to scribble on her open journal.
Faera "That’s two wins for us, and one win for Wanwan and Zhu Bei."
All of us turned over our tiles.
Yuyao’s eyes grew large as she leaned forward to look at Amalia’s set.
Yuyao "Oh my, you were so close!"
Amalia laughed.
Amalia "You better watch out, next round I’ll win for sure."
Just then there was a knock on the door.
Taotao "Who is it?"
Elowen’s voice called back.
Elowen "It’s Elowen. And Alden Riddle."
There was a slight frown on Wanwan’s face.
Wanwan "Alden Riddle? What does he want?"
Zhu Bei "We won’t know unless we ask."
I eased Benben off my lap before standing up and walking over to the door.
I opened it and stepped aside for Elowen and Alden Riddle to enter.
Elowen "I came here to inform you that Alden Riddle and I will travel together to Wisteria City."
Faera angled her head to the side as she looked up at Alden Riddle.
Faera "After what you did, you’re still going to the competition?"
Alden Riddle shook his head.
Anran "I wasn’t going to go. But Elowen was adamant that I go with her. Don’t worry, I won’t be competing—I’ve already withdrawn my name. I’ll just be watching from the sidelines."
Elowen shuffled her feet.
Elowen "I was hoping that Alden Riddle and I could start over again. This time we’ll be friends."
Elowen turned her gaze to me.
Elowen "Taotao, I have you to thank."
I just looked on in surprise as both Elowen and Alden Riddle bowed deeply to me.
Elowen smiled faintly when she straightened.
Elowen "We’ll see you in Wisteria City."
And just as quickly as they entered, the two of them left, leaving the door to quietly swing shut behind them.
I continued to stand there, stunned.
Taotao "Was it really thanks to me? This was a group effort."
Mudan rested her chin on her palms as she looked over at me.
Mudan "Don’t short change yourself. Give yourself credit where credit’s due."
Yuyao nodded in agreement.
Yuyao "If it was just me, I wouldn’t have had the patience to talk to Elowen."
Cassidy "When Yuyao and I found you, the situation was already resolved. I think it’s obvious who’s efforts went into it."
Amalia "And I’d say that’s worthy of praise."
I smiled at my friends.
Taotao "Thank you. All of you."
Wanwan "We should prepare to leave for Wisteria City as well. I’m looking forward to seeing everyone there."
Zhu Bei "We don’t have to head out until tomorrow. How about we all find a place to get dinner tonight?"
Faera "That sounds lovely."
Taotao "Lovely indeed."
________________
Act Six
Wisteria City, the dream city of wisteria and moonlight


I excitedly grabbed Yuyao’s arm as buildings appeared on the horizon.
Taotao "We’ve made it to Wisteria City!"
Unable to contain our excitement, Yuyao and I shared a happy dance, jumping up and down off to the side of the road.
The closer we got to the entrance of the city, the more students appeared on the path. There were students from all over, and I turned on the spot to take in the sheer number of youths making their way into the city.
Yuyao was by my side, taking pictures with her phone.
Yuyao "Don’t forget to take some pictures too—we don’t want to forget any of this."
I laughed as I took my phone out and snapped a picture of the sky scrapers ahead.
Just as I lowered my phone, it buzzed softly.
Taotao "Wanwan sent me a message."
Yuyao leaned over as I showed it to her.
Yuyao "I can’t believe she and Zhu Bei have already reached the hotel. I thought we left before them too!"
Taotao "We got a little lost on the way, remember? A certain someone was having some trouble with the map."
Yuyao "Alright, you have a point."
Now in the heart of the bustling city, there were magical signs floating above the roads, pointing us in the direction of the hotels specifically booked for the students. Even without the signs, the steady flow of youths with brooms and suitcases were indicators of where to go.
…
When we arrived at our hotel, Yuyao and I stared wide-eyed at the towering building.
Yuyao "I didn’t believe at first when they said all the Skygate students are supposed to fit in here, but I believe it now."
Yuyao and I checked into our room and lugged our suitcases inside.
I flopped down onto one of the beds in the room I shared with Yuyao.
Taotao "We’re here. We’re finally here."
Yuyao walked over to the window and brushed the curtains aside to look out at the city.
Yuyao "Oh wow, you can see the entire city from here. Look—I think that’s the hall where the competition will take place."
I stood to join Yuyao at the window.
Glass buildings rose up between wisteria vines, and the students still arriving at the hotel were tiny specks below us.
I took a step away from the window.
(We’re so high up.)
Taotao "Ah, I’m getting a little dizzy."
Yuyao let the curtains fall back into place.
Yuyao "After we rest up, how about we check out the city?"
I grinned.
Taotao "If you didn’t ask, I would have."
…
Yuyao and I spent the day walking around the city. After the sun went down, we watched the city lights glow and glitter from the window of a hot pot restaurant.
Yuyao sat across the table from me. She watched in awe as the lights on the buildings formed pictures and words, then magically leaping off the buildings to dance in the sky before flickering out.
I smiled faintly as I reached over to fish out the vegetables Yuyao had previously added to our pot.
I watched the lights as well as I ate.
Taotao "I wonder if Elowen and Alden Riddle have arrived yet. Since Alden Riddle isn’t a participant anymore, I wonder where he’ll be staying."
Suddenly, Yuyao pointed her chopsticks at the window. Her expression was that of surprise as she looked to me and then back to the window.
Yuyao "Look, look! Isn’t that him?"
I followed Yuyao’s gaze.
(It really is Alden Riddle!)
Yuyao "Should we invite him over?"
no
I shook my head.
Taotao "I don’t think there’s any need to."
After a moment of pondering, Yuyao nodded in agreement.
Yuyao "You’re right. After everything that happened, it’s for the best to avoid associating with him."
(!!)
Taotao "Uh, I think we’ve been noticed."
Alden Riddle looked surprised as his gaze fell on the two of us.
Yuyao forced a smile as she waved.
Yuyao then spoke to me out of the corner of her mouth.
Yuyao "Too late now, he’s coming over."
yes
I let out a sigh.
Taotao "Might as well."
Yuyao blinked.
Yuyao "Wait, really?"
Taotao "Like Elowen, he was able to make amends. He’s an ally now."
Yuyao nodded slowly as she thought it over.
Yuyao "You’re right. Neither of them ended up being as bad as we first thought."
Yuyao and I waved at him through the window to get his attention.
Alden Riddle noticed our gestures, and I motioned for him to join us in the restaurant.
Alden Riddle entered the restaurant and came to stand by our table.
I quickly stood up to grab a chair from one of the empty tables next to us.
Taotao "Have a seat."
Alden Riddle awkwardly sat down.
Anran "It’s a pleasant surprise to see the two of you here."
Yuyao "Where were you off to?"
Anran "After Elowen checked into her hotel, the two of us went to look for a place for me to stay. All the hotels were booked, but I eventually found an opening at a youth hostel."
Taotao "Elowen’s not with you now?"
Anran "We spent the day walking around the city. I just walked her back to her hotel. I was on my way back to the hostel, and then I saw the two of you."
Alden Riddle offered us a smile.
Anran "I’ve already eaten, so I won’t stay long, but I wish you luck."
…
After dinner, Yuyao and I returned to our hotel room and then spent the next few hours pouring over our books.
Benben sat on my lap and I finally looked up from the textbook I was reading to look out at the city lights. They looked even more spectacular from the hotel window.
I was in my pajamas and I let out a yawn.
(I’m tired, but I can’t sleep just yet. I’ll sleep when I finish this chapter . . .)
I yawned again.
Yuyao tossed one of her socks at me.
Yuyao "Go to bed, Sleepy."
I ducked as the sock flew past my head before using my magic to levitate it back at Yuyao.
Niangao looked up suspiciously at the floating sock from where the white cat sat on the bed next to Yuyao.
Yuyao giggled as she grabbed the sock out of the air.
Yuyao "Go to bed, we still have tomorrow and the day after to study."
I stuck a bookmark in my textbook before closing it and setting it aside.
I peeled off my face mask and went to wash up in the bathroom before finally sliding under my covers. 
Yuyao stood up to turn out the lights and Benben jumped down from my bed to pad over to her.
Now in the dark, Yuyao scooped the cat into her arms before returning to her bed. A soft light magically flickered to life next to Yuyao as she returned to reviewing her books.
I smiled faintly as I shut my eyes.
(This reminds me of our time as roommates. After our other two roommates and I had gone to sleep, Yuyao would still be lying on the bunk across from mine studying by the light of her magic. And then when morning came, I’d always have to wake her by throwing my stuffed animals at her.)
I giggled at the thought.
Yuyao "Go to sleep!"
Taotao "Goodnight."
…
After two days of rigorous studying, the day of the competition was finally upon us.
Yuyao and I giddily entered the hall together. Today’s portion of the competition was the written test.
Once inside, Yuyao and I split up to find our respective seats. We would be sitting based on our overall rank.
I stood on my tiptoes to see into the front of the hall.
(I see Wanwan and Zhu Bei!)
I continued to scan the students.
(And there’s Amalia!)
Someone waving caught my eye.
(It’s Cassidy!)
I smiled and waved back.
Not long after, a voice rang through the air, magically amplified for the entire hall to hear.
Voice "Please take your seats. The test portion of this year’s competition will begin shortly."
I took a breath to calm myself as I sat down. The moment I was seated, a light glowed around me and the rest of the participants seemed to fade away.
I stood up again and the magic faded.
(This is so cool.)
I sat down again, waiting for instructions.
Voice "Please pick your preferred writing utensil and write your name at the top of the page."
A series of writing utensils appeared on the table in front of me along with a sheet of paper.
(This is an easy choice. I’ll pick the . . .)
1. Brush[v]
2. Quill[w]
3. Pen[x]
The moment I picked up the brush, the other writing utensils vanished. I dipped my brush in the ink and carefully wrote my name at the top of the page. The ink glowed before fading to black.
I giggled to myself as I tapped the end of my brush to my face.
(I can’t believe I’m here, I can’t believe I’m actually here!)
The voice sounded again, and I pulled myself together.
Voice "Please set the paper with your name to the side and begin the test."
I took a breath as I lifted up the paper. A second piece of paper materialized where the first had previously been, and I started reading through the questions.
…
Four hours later, the test was over.
I filed out of the hall with the other students. I found Yuyao among them and waved her over.
Taotao "How did you do?"
Yuyao "I’ll tell you all about it later—right now I just really need to go to the bathroom. I should not have had that cup of milk tea this morning."
I blinked as Yuyao disappeared again into the crowd.
? "Taotao!"
I turned around to find Mudan standing behind me.
Taotao "Mudan!"
Mudan smiled.
Mudan "How did you do?"
Taotao "I think I did okay. How about you?"
Mudan "I tried my best. These last few days I ended up taking a number of breaks from studying to work on new tattoo designs."
I giggled.
Taotao "I wonder how the others did."
Mudan "I’m sure Wanwan, Zhu Bei, and Amalia performed great. I think I see Faera. I’ll see you around, Taotao."
After waving goodbye to Mudan, I left the hall and met up with Yuyao. The two of us got lunch together before returning to our hotel to study for day two of the competition.
But since we returned to the hotel, Yuyao’s spirits seemed lower than usual.
Taotao "Is everything alright?"
Then I paused.
Taotao "Is this about tomorrow’s essay writing?"
Yuyao let out a groan.
Yuyao "Don’t mention it. This is the part I’ve been dreading the most."
Taotao "Yuyao, don’t worry. You said it yourself before, remember? We’ll do our best, and if we really don’t do well, there’s always next year."
Yuyao let out a sigh as she crouched down to scoop Niangao into her arms.
Yuyao "Now that I see how hard everyone’s working, and how hard we had to work to get to Wisteria City, I want to give it my all as well. You’re right though—if I’m really unhappy with my score, I can always try again next year. I’m fine spending hours on end studying, but there’s something about the test environment that gets to me."
Taotao "I know the feeling."
Yuyao sat down on the floor.
Yuyao "Come to think of it, spending another couple of years in school doesn’t sound all that bad either."
Taotao "We’re almost ready to graduate. I thought you knew what you wanted to do after university."
Yuyao fiddled with her hair.
Yuyao "I do know—you know too that I’ve been studying hard to be a veterinarian. I just don’t know if I’m ready to move on yet, and I don’t like how my score in the competition will determine if I’m qualified enough for the job. You, on the other hand, don’t have any ideas."
I smiled faintly.
Taotao "Actually, as of recently there’s something I’ve been thinking about."
Yuyao’s eyes widened as a smile spread across her face as well.
Yuyao "What is it?"
Taotao "I’ll tell you some other time."
Yuyao’s eyes danced with laughter.
Yuyao "So secretive. Don’t tell me there’s a certain someone on your mind?"
Taotao "Come on, it’s not like that!"
Yuyao jumped to her feet.
Yuyao "Mudan? Cassidy? Amalia?"
I just giggled as I danced out of Yuyao’s reach.
Taotao "I’ll tell you later."
Yuyao "Alright, alright. You’ll tell me later."
Taotao "We should get back to studying."
Yuyao "Right, studying."
…
Before long, it was the second day of the competition and I was back in the large hall. Looking down at the blank sheet of paper in front of me, I tried my best to ignore my nerves. I read over the prompt a couple of times before finally lifting my brush.
…
When the exam ended, this time while I was waiting outside for Yuyao, I spotted Elowen among the sea of students.
Taotao "Elowen!"
Elowen turned at the sound of her name and walked over to join me.
Elowen "Taotao."
Taotao "How have you been doing? I hope everything is going well with your roommates."
Elowen "My roommates have been getting along fine with me. I spend most of my free time hanging out with Alden anyway."
Taotao "And how have you been getting along with him?"
Elowen "Fine, obviously. The two of us are close friends now."
I nodded my head.
(Elowen seems convinced about it, though I wonder what Alden Riddle thinks too.)
Elowen "We should move along. We’re going to be rivals tomorrow in the team competition. We shouldn’t be getting too friendly here."
I just smiled and waved as Elowen turned away.
? "Pleasant as always, isn’t she?"
This time I turned to find Zhu Bei standing next to me.
Taotao "She’s getting better."
Then I blinked as I noticed the smudges of ink on Zhu Bei’s face.
Taotao "Zhu Bei—”
Just then, Yuyao appeared on my other side, latching onto my arm.
Yuyao "Oh, hello, Zhu Bei. Taotao, let’s go! I’m starving!"
I pointed to my face as Yuyao dragged me away.
Taotao "Zhu Bei, your face!"
Zhu Bei blinked as he lifted a hand to his face.
I nodded before he disappeared into the crowd of students.
Taotao "Yuyao, what’s the rush?"
Yuyao "I need to get as far away from that exam hall as possible."
I laughed.
Taotao "I thought I did okay. And if I did okay, I’m sure you did too."
…
Yuyao "Ready for today’s events?"
The two of us had just left our hotel and emerged on the street outside.
Yuyao "I’m ready. We’ve got to take our picture, though."
I giggled as the two of us stuck a pose. Yuyao clicked away with her phone before finally putting it away.
Yuyao "Let’s go!"
…
This time when we entered the hall, instead of rows of individual tables, we were greeted by rows of long tables, each with microphones on top.
Yuyao and I found our own places. Wanwan stood at the head of the table as our school’s leader and smiled politely when I caught her gaze. Zhu Bei arrived shortly later and took the spot next to Wanwan. Yuyao was two rows in front of me, and she grinned when she caught me looking. These were the students from our university, and there was something comforting in seeing so many familiar faces.
I looked at the microphone in front of me.
(I think I know what this activity is.)
Once everyone was in place, the voice of the announcer rang out.
Voice "Our first team challenge is trivia, followed by debate. Tomorrow’s team activity will involve spell casting. Day one will test your knowledge and day two will test your skill. For today’s challenge, everyone in the team will have to write the correct answer. The team with the most right answers will score a point. We begin now."
Brushes and paper appeared on the tables in front of all of us. I quickly picked up my brush, ready to write.
Voice "What time of day can you enter Mythodor?"
1. Day
2. Night
3. Any time
Voice "What flower is Hellridge known for?"
1. Spider Lily
2. Jasmine
3. Lotus
Voice "Which region is known for its pumpkins?"
1. Skygate
2. Westwitch
3. Willowhill
I beamed as I looked up at the magical scoreboard at the front of the hall. We were in first place.
After the trivia went on for the next hour, our team was one of the two teams battling for the top spot. Our competitors—another Skygate university—were a strong opponent, but in the end, to my joy (and surprise), our team came out victorious.
When the realization that we won finally registered, I jumped up and down with the rest of my classmates. We cheered, and I gave high fives to the students on either side of me.
Voice "Team Skygate 7 has won the trivia. Please take a half an hour break and prepare for the debate."
I found Yuyao and the two of us jumped up and down with joy.
Taotao "We won!"
Yuyao "I know—I’m so proud of us and our classmates!"
There was the sound of someone clearing their throat, and Yuyao and I turned around, surprised.
Elowen "Your team won the trivia. Congrats. But you don’t think you’ll actually win the debate, do you?"
Yuyao crossed her arms over her chest.
Yuyao "We have Wanwan and Zhu Bei leading our team. I think we have a pretty good chance."
Elowen clicked her tongue as she flipped her hair over her shoulder.
Elowen "I wouldn’t be so sure about that. I think I could take both of them in a debate."
Yuyao opened her mouth to respond, but I cut in instead.
Taotao "May the best team win."
Elowen just clicked her tongue again before turning on her heel and walked away.
Yuyao lowered her voice.
Yuyao "And here I was thinking she had gotten better. No, I take back everything I said. She’s exactly the same as before."
I tugged on Yuyao’s arm.
Taotao "Let’s head back. Don’t take her words too seriously. She’s just trying to get on our nerves so we don’t perform well."
Yuyao followed me back into the hall and we resumed our spots.
Voice "I will explain the rules for the debate. After the topic is revealed, every team will be given a different position to argue. You will have ten minutes to discuss with your team how you will address it. Once the ten minutes are over, the mic of one person from each team will be turned on at random. If your mic is on, you will be representing your team. There will be ten rounds total. We begin now."
The first topic appeared, glowing in the air in front of us: Is it an abuse of magic to use it to extend our lives?
Murmurs sounded from all over the hall at the topic.
The young woman next to me was just as surprised as I was.
Young Woman "This is the first topic? This is too difficult!"
Once we got our positions on the topic, we immediately started discussing, but the ten minutes went by too quickly.
Voice "We will have our first speaker present their case."
A magical spotlight appeared over one of the teams from Hellridge. When the student finished speaking, the light vanished and appeared over the Mythodor teams.
The voice that filled the hall next was a familiar one.
(It’s Elowen!)
I stood on my tiptoes to catch a glimpse of her.
Elowen spoke confidently, and even from a distance I could see the smirk on her face.
Voice "The winner of this round is Team Mythodor 2."
As the rounds went on, no one else I was familiar with was picked. The last round ended with Wanwan, and she scored our team the point.
I felt as if a weight had been lifted from my chest as we were dismissed for the day.
Yuyao "I’m glad we didn’t have to face Elowen. She’s too strong."
…
That night, Yuyao and I were joined by Wanwan and Zhu Bei as we celebrated the end of the third day of the competition. We found a restaurant, and after all the stress and excitement from the day, we could finally relax.
Zhu Bei turned to me.
Zhu Bei "I’ve been meaning to thank you for the other day."
He pointed to his face, and I smiled.
Taotao "Don’t worry about it."
Wanwan lifted her cup.
Wanwan "Let me use tea in the place of wine and congratulate everyone on today and wish all of us luck tomorrow. Cheers."
…
Today was the fourth day of the competition.
I had trouble sleeping the night before due to the nerves which, I’d admit, the tea hadn’t helped.
We would be meeting up with Wanwan and Zhu Bei again after today's events, and the former had offered to treat us all to bubble tea. But first we had a competition to take part in . . .
Yuyao "Come on, Taotao, we’ve got to go."
I reluctantly let Yuyao drag me out the door of our hotel room. It was only when we were halfway to the competition hall that I realized I had forgotten my student ID in the room.
(!!)
Taotao "Yuyao, I forgot my student ID! I can’t believe it."
Yuyao gave me a sympathetic but worried look.
Yuyao "If you hurry, you should be able to make it in time."
I nodded before dashing back the way we had come.
As I ran, I calculated the time in my head.
(It takes fifteen minutes to get from our hotel to the hall and another five to ten minutes to get up to my room and retrieve my ID.)
(I’m not going to make it in time!)
I blinked back frustrated tears as I ran faster.
(I can’t believe I was silly enough to forget the one thing I needed to participate.)
When I reached the hotel, I frantically pressed the elevator button.
After what felt like a lifetime of waiting, the elevator arrived and I looked on in dismay as another crowd of students slowly walked out.
(Hurry, please hurry up!)
After pushing past them, I pushed the elevator button for my floor.
…
By the time I retrieved my ID card, the time was not looking good for me.
When the elevator doors opened, I sprinted through the lobby and out onto the street. Breathing heavily, I paused for a moment.
(Can I even make it if I run?)
Suddenly, my head snapped up at the sound of someone calling my name.
? "Taotao!"
(Alden Riddle?)
Anran "Taotao! Taotao, over here!"
Alden Riddle was sitting on a broom off to the side of the sidewalk, and he waved to me.
Anran "Hop on, you won’t be able to make it otherwise."
I didn’t give myself more than a moment’s hesitation before hurrying over and climbing onto the broom behind him.
The moment I was seated, we were shooting into the air.
I held onto Alden Riddle’s shoulders as I watched the city blur by in a rush of pale purple petals.
Taotao "How did you know I was in trouble?"
I had to raise my voice over the rush of the wind.
Anran "Your friend Yuyao sent a message to your group chat. Elowen got the message and told me to pick you up."
In a matter of minutes, we were touching down in front of the competition hall. Students were still filing in, and I let out a breath I didn’t realize I was holding in.
I dismounted the broom.
Taotao "Thank you!"
Alden Riddle smiled.
Anran "This is the least I can do. You should hurry."
I nodded before turning to enter the hall.
Yuyao was waiting for me inside. Her expression was worried, but when she spotted me, she grinned.
Yuyao "I knew you’d make it! Come on, let’s go join the others."
…
Now in the hall, I stood with Yuyao and the rest of our school.
Voice "For this event, you will work with your team to use your magic to create an animal of your choice. This animal will race against all the other teams’ animals. You have an hour before we race your magical animals across the sky."
Everyone in our group turned to Wanwan and Zhu Bei for directions.
Wanwan "Let’s spend five minutes coming up with ideas, and then we can have a vote."
Yuyao turned to me.
Yuyao "I think we need something small and quick like a rabbit. If we go too big, our magic might not be able to sustain it."
Zhu Bei "I think we need a large and powerful animal that can stand out and easily overtake the rest. Like a dragon or a phoenix. Something that flies."
I turned to look at Wanwan.
Taotao "Wanwan, what’s your idea?"
Wanwan "I had the thought of a butterfly."
Taotao "A butterfly?"
Wanwan "The butterfly can hitch a ride without being noticed. Instead of using our magic to help maintain its form, we’ll be putting our effort into concealing it from the observation of others."
When it was time to vote, I thought it over before casting my own vote.
(I’m confident this is what we need to win.)
1. Dragon[y]
2. Butterfly[z]
3. Rabbit[aa]
Zhu Bei smiled faintly as I cast my vote for dragon.
Wanwan magically tallied the votes.
Wanwan "Dragon is the winner."
As I looked around the hall, I only just realized that all the other teams had vanished.
Yuyao saw me looking around and leaned closer.
Yuyao "It looks like they put up those magical barriers again. This way we don’t know what the other teams are working on."
With the guidance from Zhu Bei and Wanwan, everyone in our team began to shape a dragon. It glowed with magic as it slowly took form.
The dragon had a long, powerful and aerodynamic body covered with scales. It was a majestic sight to behold.
I grinned as I exchanged a glance with Yuyao. She was smiling excitedly too.
Yuyao "I don’t know if we’ll win, but this dragon sure looks amazing. Everyone’s eyes will be on it, that’s for sure."
…
When our hour was up, all the participants were directed outside the competition hall.
The sidewalks around were already packed with people anticipating the sky race.
One by one, each school revealed their animals and they ascended to wait at the starting line.
Yuyao "Look—Amalia and Cassidy have a horse! No, it’s a pegasus!"
I looked on to see what animals the rest of our friends would be racing. Mudan and Faera had a fox, and Elowen’s team had a deer.
There were gasps of awe when our dragon was revealed and the onlookers from the sidewalk gawked and pointed at it as it spiraled into the air.
There were curious murmurs as our butterfly was revealed and they continued as it gracefully fluttered into the sky.
There were awes and cooing of endearment as our rabbit was revealed and bounded skyward.
Once every team’s animal was at the starting line, the voice rang out again.
Voice "The race will begin shortly. Good luck."
I had attached myself to Yuyao’s arm as we stood looking up at the vast blue sky over Wisteria City.
There was a countdown, and then the magical animals were off.
Yuyao and I jumped up and down, cheering our dragon on as it shot through the air. It wove gracefully between the other animals and quickly took the lead.
(At first I was worried that we wouldn’t be able to sustain such a large animal with our magic, but knowing Wanwan and Zhu Bei are on our team, I have no doubts in us.)
Yuyao squeezed my arm as the animals continued to fly, swim, run and gallop across the sky.
Yuyao "Go, go, go!"
Our dragon was neck and neck with a winged unicorn from one of the Mythodor teams.
Zhu Bei "Go!"
And then the dragon pulled ahead and crossed the finish line.
Yuyao and I cheered and hugged each other.
Zhu Bei let out a cheer as well, and there was a smile on Wanwan’s face.
Once all the animals had crossed the finish line, they disappeared into the air.
Voice "The scores have been tallied for the fourth day of the competition. We will see everyone tomorrow for the fifth and final day."
Yuyao, Zhu Bei, and I followed Wanwan as the crowds began to disperse.
Wanwan "I didn’t think we’d actually win. I’m so happy I don’t even know what to say right now."
Yuyao "It’s time for bubble tea!"
(I wonder what flavor I want this time.)
1. Classic Milk Tea[ab]
2. Mountain Oolong Tea[ac]
3. Strawberry Green Tea[ad]
Wanwan "Yes, I’ll treat all of you."
…
After we got our drinks, the four of us started on our way back to our hotel.
Wanwan "I’ll be dancing in the lobby tonight. Will you come and watch?"
Yuyao "Watch? Of course we’ll come watch!"
Wanwan smiled.
Wanwan "Tomorrow, once the competition is over, let’s invite all our friends to dinner."
Taotao "I’ll message them now."
Then I paused.
Taotao "Should we ask Alden Riddle as well? If it wasn’t for him, I wouldn’t have made it to today’s competition in time."
Zhu Bei "It’s up to you. I don’t mind."
Wanwan "I don’t have any objections either."
I turned to Yuyao.
Yuyao "No objections here."
Taotao "I’ll message them and ask what everyone feels like eating."
On the way, we ran into Faera and Mudan.
Faera "Congratulations on winning. The dragon was just lovely."
Mudan "Yes, congratulations. Faera and I are heading back to our hotel room now. I suddenly have some new inspiration for tattoo designs. If you have time, you should come by and see them."
Taotao "I’d love to."
…
That night, I was in the lobby watching Wanwan dance on the small stage. As she twirled gracefully, ink-like magic flowed from her fingertips, taking the shapes of bamboo and flowers.
Curly orange hair appeared in my vision, and I turned to find Cassidy standing next to me.
Cassidy "You don’t see a performance like that everyday."
Taotao "Cassidy! I’m so glad you could make it."
Cassidy grinned.
Cassidy "I got the message that Wanwan was dancing here. Since I don’t have the time to travel to Skygate myself, at least I can see the traditional dancing here."
I looked at the small crowd gathered.
Taotao "I don’t see Amalia."
Cassidy "Amalia let me know that she was tired and went back to rest. I’m also supposed to take some pictures for her."
Taotao "I bet Yuyao has a lot of pictures. We can ask her too."
…
When we finally retired for the night, I was exhausted.
Now I sat on my hotel bed with a fresh face mask on.
Benben sat on my lap, and I absently stroked his soft fur.
Yuyao "Tomorrow is the last day. Are you ready?"
Taotao "Of course. The past few days have been stressful, but I’ve also had fun."
Yuyao took a seat on the bed next to me.
Yuyao "Look how many pictures I took of Wisteria City. Oh look, and here’s us."
Yuyao leaned over to look at open laptop on the bed next to me.
Yuyao "What are you working on?"
Taotao "I’m writing another email to my parents. I think they’ll be proud."
Yuyao playfully elbowed me.
Yuyao "I’m sure they’ll be proud. Our school will be proud as well. I just know there will be a celebration there when we all get back to Skygate."
When I finished the email, I gently eased Benben off my lap before washing up in the bathroom.
This time I fell asleep easily, and when I woke in the morning, I felt energized and ready for the new day.
Yuyao and I changed into our day clothes and headed downstairs for breakfast.
We ran into Zhu Bei, and the three of us shared a table.
Taotao "Any idea what the last event will be?"
Zhu Bei "I really don’t know. But I heard a rumor that it’s related to us demonstrating our own individual skills."
(Demonstrating our individual skills? That will be interesting.)
Fortunately, I didn’t have to wait long to find out.
In the competition hall, the rows of desks were back, and I took my seat. All the other students faded, and I felt a sense of calm despite my nerves.
Voice "Welcome to the fifth and final day of the competition. Today you will be writing about yourself, your hard work, and achievements to make it here to the competition in Wisteria City. With these essays, no points will be deducted from your scores, only added. Please select your writing utensils and begin."
I took a deep breath as I looked at the blank piece of paper in front of me.
(Well, there’s a lot I can write. My schooling, my friends, my journey to Wisteria City.)
(I’ll do my best to write about all of them.)
…
In a blink of an eye, I was walking out of the competition hall for the last time. Yuyao was by my side, and outside the two of us turned to look up at the hall together.
Taotao "Time to take a picture?"
Yuyao "You know it."
…
That night, we all sat around a large table at a restaurant, chatting happily as we ate.
Wanwan and Amalia were talking together, Mudan and Zhu Bei were in conversation, and Elowen was listening to Faera talk, even though the former’s expression showed that she didn’t know what to make of the latter. Alden Riddle was here too, sitting quietly.
Cassidy "Are there any dishes here that are similar to the cuisine in Hellridge?"
Alden Riddle blinked as he turned to her.
Cassidy just smiled encouragingly.
Anran "There is, actually. This one here is actually very similar, except in Hellridge we add peppers."
I smiled as I watched all of them.
(When I first began the journey to Wisteria City, I never thought we would have gone on such an adventure. It was nerve wracking and full of uncertainties, but I’ll forever be grateful for the friends I’ve made along the way. I think I’ve grown along the way as well. All of us have.)
Yuyao drew me from my thoughts as she leaned over.
Yuyao "So, are you going to tell me who that certain someone is?"
Taotao "What?"
Yuyao "You know, the one that is giving you ideas of what to do after graduation."
Yuyao’s eyes glittered.
Yuyao "Are they at this table right now?"
I nodded confidently.
Taotao "Yes. On this journey to Wisteria City, there’s one person who’s been on my mind on multiple occasions. And that person is . . ."


~Show Choice Result~


Congratulations! The results of your choices have matched you with __


[a]Would you also want some of your other friends to come along?
[b]1 I'll clarify. 2 I'll have Yuyao clarify. 3 We should have Wanwan clarify.
[c]Did they text Wanwan?
[d]What else to add here?
[e]After Faera vanishes, she returns. She's almost a completely different person. The flowers make people "tired," revealing the worst parts of themselves. Taotao and Mudan accept her regardless and finally the spell is broken.
[f]New Faera is illusion and doesn't let anyone touch her
[g]Yuyao could check her pictures-but I understand (that happened to me where I forgot that I had pictures and didn't remember until much later)
[h]2, Let's try one more time - yuyao "forget it, I think we're going in circles"
[i]So is it late morning now?
[j]Do you want to mention any updates from Yuyao. Or just that Yuyao was handling things well back at Skygate
[k]Note: Yuyao rushed back because she is student leader and can have some influence
[l]Alden Riddle left the cat there to help resolve the situation with the flowers after spreading new rumors to cause trouble in Skygate.
[m]Two endings for this arc
1 Taotao finds and frees the people trapped by the flowers
2 Taotao gets trapped too and Yuyao saves them
[n]1 wait for Yuyao, 2 follow the cat
[o]1, Run, 2 Keep following that cat
[p]I guess I need to keep track of what magic can do, and what needs magic to work.
Turning on the oven..etc
[q]wouldn't Taotao also chat with them, maybe she knows some of them and perhaps asked about Wanwan and Zhubei?
[r]Is there a student wide notification system that they can let people know as well as put signage outside to let Skygaters know?  Did the barrier also stop Willowhillers?
[s]Hmm, not sure if the mayor would have just taken an anonymous tip at face value since obviously it could have been a hoax-guess his thinking was better safe than sorry.  But he should have called Skygate "Professor"
[t]Is their an inn keeper so that they could ask about their friends too?
[u]Choice, 1 What makes you think that 2 we want our friends 3 Do we look like it?
[v]Wanwan, Zhu Bei, Yuyao, Mudan
[w]Faera, Cassidy, Amalia, Elowen, Alden Riddle
[x]Special ending
[y]Zhu Bei, Amalia
[z]Wanwan, Faera
[aa]Yuyao, Elowen
[ab]Cassidy
[ac]Mudan, Alden Riddle
[ad]Special ending